=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0028
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: County by virtue of any breach of contract by the Contractor for the purpose of set off until such time as the exact amount of
Section Number: None
Phase: P1
Word Count: 707
Character Count: 4554
Line Count: 43

=== KEY DATES ===
Due Dates: None

=== ELIGIBILITY ===
Eligibility Types: None

=== EVALUATION ===
Evaluation Type: Not specified

=== GOVERNMENT REFERENCES ===
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None

=== KEYWORDS ===
Top Keywords: contractor, contract, county, such, agent, shall, purchasing, payment, obligations, under

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
County by virtue of any breach of contract by the Contractor for the purpose of set off until such time as the exact amount of
damages due to the County from the Contractor is determined.
32. CONTRACT ALTERATIONS-No alterations in the terms of a contract shall be valid or binding upon the County unless made in
27
RFP 2000004198
Appendix A
GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS
writing and signed by the Purchasing Agent or her authorized agent.
33. SUBLETTING OR ASSIGNMENT -It is mutually understood and agreed that the Contractor shall not assign, transfer, convey,
sublet or otherwise dispose of his or her contractual duties to any other person, firm or corporation, without the previous written
consent of the Purchasing Agent. If the Contractor desires to assign its right to payment of the contract, Contractor shall notify
the Purchasing Agent immediately, in writing, of such assignment of right to payment. In no case shall such assignment of
contract relieve the Contractor from its obligations or change the terms of the contract.
34. FUNDING- The obligation of the County to pay compensation due the Contractor under the contract or any other payment
obligations under any contract awarded pursuant to this contract is subject to appropriations by the Fairfax County Board of
Supervisors to satisfy payment of such obligations. The County’s obligations to make payments during subsequent fiscal years
are dependent upon the same action. If such an appropriation is not made for any fiscal year, the contract shall terminate
effective at the end of the fiscal year for which funds were appropriated and the County will not be obligated to make any payments
under the contract beyond the amount appropriated for payment obligations under the contract. The County will provide the
Contractor with written notice of non-appropriation of funds within thirty (30) calendar days after action is completed by the Board
of Supervisors. However, the County’s failure to provide such notice will not extend the contract into a fiscal year in which
sufficient funds have not been appropriated.
35. DELIVERY/SERVICE FAILURES-If a Contractor (i) fails to deliver goods or services within the time specified or within a
reasonable time as interpreted by the Purchasing Agent; or (ii) fails to make replacements or corrections of rejected articles or
services when so requested, immediately or as directed by the Purchasing Agent, then the Purchasing Agent shall have the
authority to purchase in the open market goods or services of comparable grade or quality to replace goods or services not
delivered or rejected. On all such purchases, the Contractor shall reimburse the County, within a reasonable time specified by
the Purchasing Agent, for any expense incurred in excess of contract prices. Such purchases shall be deducted from the contract
quantities if applicable. Should public necessity demand it, the County reserves the right to use or consume articles delivered or
services performed which are substandard in quality, subject to an adjustment in price to be determined by the Purchasing Agent.
36. NON-LIABILITY-The Contractor shall not be liable in damages for delay in shipment or failure to deliver when such delay or
failure is the result of fire, flood, strike, the transportation carrier, act of God, act of Government, act of an alien enemy or by any
other circumstances which, in the Purchasing Agent's opinion, are beyond the reasonable control of the Contractor. Under such
circumstances, however, the Purchasing Agent may, at her discretion terminate the contract.
37. NON-DISCRIMINATION-During the performance of this contract, the Contractor agrees as follows:
a. The Contractor will not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, religion, color, sex,
national origin, age, disability, or other basis prohibited by state law relating to discrimination in employment, except where
there is a bona fide occupational qualification reasonably necessary to the normal operation of the Contractor. The Contractor
agrees to post in conspicuous places, available to employees and applicants for employment, notices setting forth the
provisions of this non-discrimination clause.
b. The Contractor, in all solicitations or advertisements for employees placed by or on behalf of the Contractor, will state that
such Contractor is an equal opportunity employer.
c. Notices, advertisements and solicitations placed in accordance with federal law, rule or regulation shall be deemed sufficient