=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0002
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: signing and accepting the federal terms and conditions without exceptions (ref. Attachment F,
Section Number: None
Phase: P1
Word Count: 633
Character Count: 4280
Line Count: 55

=== KEY DATES ===
Due Dates: None

=== ELIGIBILITY ===
Eligibility Types: None

=== EVALUATION ===
Evaluation Type: Not specified

=== GOVERNMENT REFERENCES ===
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None

=== KEYWORDS ===
Top Keywords: county, contract, fcps, fairfax, information, provide, staff, years, year, under

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
signing and accepting the federal terms and conditions without exceptions (ref. Attachment F,
G, and H).
2.4. Offerors are required to provide a signed and completed IT Services Provider
CONSULTANT/CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT (Attachment D) and FCPS Vendor Code of
Conduct and Expectations (Attachment E).
2.5. Offerors are required to have existing staff in each working title for the IT Staff Augmentation
labor category or categories the offeror is submitting a proposal(s) to. Verification will be
demonstrated through the submission of resumes or bios for their current employee and should
indicate education, background, and recent relevant experience in the respective
category/field. Resumes or bios must be of existing staff at the responding firm and resumes
or bios should indicate that they are currently employed by the offeror. For each working title,
offeror must provide at least one resume or bio of current professionals currently employed by
the organization who have been placed on similar engagements in the past three years. Include
certifications (e.g., as with cybersecurity CISSP, CISM, CEH, OSCP, or equivalents) and detail
their hands-on project roles.)
1
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
3. CONTRACT PERIOD AND RENEWAL:
3.1. The period of the contract shall be a term of five (5) years. This contract may be renewed for
up to an additional five (5) years, one year at a time or any combination thereof, as mutually
agreed upon. Automatic contract renewals are prohibited.
3.2. The obligation of the County to pay compensation due the contractor under the contract or any
other payment obligations under any contract awarded pursuant to this Request for Proposal
is subject to appropriations by the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors to satisfy payment of
such obligations. The County’s obligations to make payments during subsequent fiscal years
are dependent upon the same action. If such an appropriation is not made for any fiscal year,
the contract shall terminate effective at the end of the fiscal year for which funds were
appropriated and the County will not be obligated to make any payments under the contract
beyond the amount appropriated for payment obligations under the contract. The County will
provide the contractor with written notice of non-appropriation of funds within thirty (30)
calendar days after action is completed by the Board of Supervisors. However, the County’s
failure to provide such notice shall not extend the contract into a fiscal year in which sufficient
funds have not been appropriated.
4. BACKGROUND:
4.1. Fairfax County Government (“FCG”): Fairfax County, Virginia is located in the northeast
corner of Virginia and has an area of approximately 395 square miles with a diverse population
of over 1,100,000 residents. FCG has over 50 departments located in over 200 facilities
throughout the County. Currently, FCG facilities include the main government center campus,
twenty-five (25) Public Libraries, twenty-three (23) Police locations, forty-six (46) Fire and
Rescue locations, and in addition many more community, health, human services, and park
locations. FCG’s Department of Information Technology (“DIT”) manages and implements all
aspects of information technology solutions and supporting infrastructure that enable county
agencies to deliver services and information to citizens and the community and implement
operational efficiencies. DIT establishes standards and architecture for the information and
communications systems that are implemented in County government agencies throughout the
County.
4.2. Fairfax County Public Schools (“FCPS”): FCPS is the largest school system in the
Commonwealth of Virginia and the 10th largest in the United States. The school system
consists of approximately 250 schools and work sites serving almost 181,000 students in
grades Kindergarten through 12th grade and approximately 24,000 full-time staff/employees
across Fairfax County Virginia. For information about FCPS, visit the website at:
http://www.fcps.edu/. FCPS' current technical environment includes client server systems
serving both instructional and administrative applications. Most applications will be accessed
through school-wide LANs and a large distributed wireless network which connects sites