=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0034
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: Appendix A
Section Number: None
Phase: P1
Word Count: 972
Character Count: 6164
Line Count: 60

=== KEY DATES ===
Due Dates: None

=== ELIGIBILITY ===
Eligibility Types: None

=== EVALUATION ===
Evaluation Type: Not specified

=== GOVERNMENT REFERENCES ===
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None

=== KEYWORDS ===
Top Keywords: shall, contract, county, records, information, business, virginia, proposal, contractor, person

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
Appendix A
GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS
shall be authorized to transact business in the Commonwealth as a domestic or foreign business entity if so required by Title
13.1 or Title 50 of the Code of Virginia or as otherwise required by law. Any business entity described above that enters into a
contract with a Fairfax County pursuant to the Fairfax County Purchasing Resolution shall not allow its existence to lapse or its
certificate of authority or registration to transact business in the Commonwealth, if so required under Title 13.1 or Title 50, to be
revoked or cancelled at any time during the term of the contract. Fairfax County may void any contract with a business entity if
the business entity fails to remain in compliance with the provisions of this section.
62. COVENANT AGAINST CONTINGENT FEES-The Contractor warrants that no person or selling agency has been employed or
retained to solicit or secure this contract upon an agreement or understanding for a commission, percentage, brokerage, or
contingent fee, except bona fide employees or bona fide established commercial or selling agencies maintained by the Contractor
for the purpose of securing business. For violation of this warranty, the County shall have the right to terminate or suspend this
contract without liability to the County or in its discretion to deduct from the contract price or consideration, or otherwise recover,
the full amount of such commission, percentage, brokerage, or contingent fee.
63. VIRGINIA FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT-All proceedings, records, contracts and other public records relating to
procurement transactions shall be open to the inspection of any citizen, or any interested person, firm or corporation, in
accordance with the Virginia Freedom of Information Act except as provided below:
a. Cost estimates relating to a proposed procurement transaction prepared by or for a public body shall not be open to public
inspection.
b. Any competitive sealed bidding bidder, upon request, shall be afforded the opportunity to inspect bid records within a
reasonable time after the opening of all bids but prior to award, except in the event that the County decides not to accept any
of the bids and to reopen the contract. Otherwise, bid records shall be open to public inspection only after award of the
contract. Any competitive negotiation offeror, upon request, shall be afforded the opportunity to inspect proposal records
within a reasonable time after the evaluation and negotiations of proposals are completed but prior to award except in the
event that the County decides not to accept any of the proposals and to reopen the contract. Otherwise, proposal records
shall be open to the public inspection only after award of the contract except as provided in paragraph "c" below. Any
inspection of procurement transaction records under this section shall be subject to reasonable restrictions to ensure the
security and integrity of the records.
c. Trade secrets or proprietary information submitted by a bidder, offeror or Contractor in connection with a procurement
transaction or prequalification application submitted pursuant to the prequalification process identified in the Special
Provisions, shall not be subject to the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; however, the bidder, offeror or Contractor shall (i)
invoke the protections of this section prior to or upon submission of the data or other materials, (ii) identify the data or other
materials to be protected, and (iii) state the reasons why protection is necessary.
d. Nothing contained in this section shall be construed to require the County, when procuring by "competitive negotiation"
(Request for Proposal), to furnish a statement of the reasons why a particular proposal was not deemed to be the most
advantageous to the County.
e. The County cannot maintain as confidential any information, data, or records obtainable through the Virginia Freedom of
Information or similar law. This includes records or information that have not been properly designated as trade secret or
proprietary information pursuant to Va. Code Ann. ยง 2.2-4342(F).
f. A bidder or offeror shall not designate as trade secrets or proprietary information (a) an entire bid, proposal, or prequalification
application; (b) any portion of a bid, proposal, or prequalification application that does not contain trade secrets or proprietary
information; or (c) line item prices or total bid, proposal, or prequalification application prices.
BIDDER/CONTRACTOR REMEDIES
64. INELIGIBILITY-
a. Any person or firm suspended or debarred from participation in County procurement shall be notified in writing by the
Purchasing Agent.
1. The Notice of Suspension shall state the reasons for the actions taken and such decision shall be final unless the person or
firm appeals within ten (10) days of receipt of the Notice by instituting legal action as provided in the Code of Virginia.
2. The Notice of Debarment shall state the reasons for the actions taken and the decision shall be final unless the person or
firm appeals within ten (10) days of receipt of the Notice by instituting legal action as provided in the Code of Virginia.
b. The Purchasing Agent shall have the authority to suspend or debar a person or firm from bidding on any contract for the
causes stated below:
1. Conviction for commission of a criminal offense as an incident to obtaining or attempting to obtain a public or private contract
or subcontract, or in the performance of such contract or subcontract;
2. Conviction under state or federal statutes of embezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsification or destruction of records,
receiving stolen property, or any other offense indicating a lack of business integrity or business honesty which currently,
seriously, and directly affects responsibility as a County Contractor;
3. Conviction under the state or federal antitrust statutes arising out of the submission of bids or proposals;
4. Violation of contract provisions, as set forth below, of a character which is regarded by the Purchasing Agent to be so serious
as to justify suspension or debarment action: