=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0031
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: instructions.
Section Number: None
Phase: P4
Word Count: 963
Character Count: 6054
Line Count: 70

=== KEY DATES ===
Due Dates: None

=== ELIGIBILITY ===
Eligibility Types: None

=== EVALUATION ===
Evaluation Type: Not specified

=== GOVERNMENT REFERENCES ===
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None

=== KEYWORDS ===
Top Keywords: county, contract, contractor, services, equipment, delivery, shall, must, unless, otherwise

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
instructions.
47. POINT OF DESTINATION-All materials shipped to the County must be shipped F.O.B. DESTINATION unless otherwise stated
in the contract or purchase order. The materials must be delivered to the "Ship to" address indicated on the purchase order.
48. ADDITIONAL CHARGES-Unless bought F.O.B. "shipping point" and Contractor prepays transportation, no delivery charges
shall be added to invoices except when express delivery is authorized and substituted on orders for the method specified in the
contract. In such cases, difference between freight or mail and express charges may be added to invoice.
49. METHOD AND CONTAINERS-Unless otherwise specified, goods shall be delivered in commercial packages in standard
commercial containers that are constructed to ensure acceptance by common or other carrier for safe transportation to the point
of delivery. Containers become the property of the County unless otherwise specified by bidder.
50. REPLACEMENT-Materials or components that have been rejected by the Purchasing Agent, in accordance with the terms of a
contract, shall be replaced by the Contractor at no cost to the County.
51. PACKING SLIPS OR DELIVERY TICKETS-All shipments must be accompanied by Packing Slips or Delivery Tickets and must
contain the following information for each item delivered:
a. The Purchase Order Number,
b. The Name of the Article and Stock Number (Supplier's),
29
RFP 2000004198
Appendix A
GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS
c. The Quantity Ordered,
d. The Quantity Shipped,
e. The Quantity Back Ordered,
f. The Name of the Contractor.
Contractors are cautioned that failure to comply with these conditions is sufficient reason for the County’s refusal to accept the
goods.
BILLING
52. BILLING-Billing for the Fairfax County Public Schools and for County agencies: Unless otherwise specified on the contract or
purchase order (PO), invoices are to be submitted for each purchase order immediately upon completion of the shipment or
services. Invoices should be mailed to the "BILL TO" address on the PO or to the appropriate address specified in the contract.
PAYMENTS
53. PAYMENT-Payment shall be made after satisfactory performance that is in accordance with all provisions of the contract, and
upon receipt of a properly completed invoice. The County reserves the right to withhold any or all payments or portions thereof
for Contractor's failure to perform in accordance with the provision of the contract or any subsequent modifications.
54. PARTIAL PAYMENTS-Unless otherwise specified, partial payments will be made upon acceptance of materials or services so
invoiced if in accordance with completion date. However, up to 5 percent (5%) of the value of the entire order may be retained
until completion of contract.
55. PAYMENT FOR EQUIPMENT, INSTALLATION, AND TESTING-When equipment requires installation (which includes erection,
setting up or placing in position, service, or use) and testing, and the installation or testing is delayed, payment may be made on
the basis of 50% of the contract price when such equipment is delivered on the site. A further allowance of 25% may be made
when the equipment is installed and ready for test. The balance shall be paid after the equipment is tested and found to be
satisfactory. If the equipment must be tested, but installation is not required to be made by the Contractor or if the equipment
must be installed but testing is not required, payment may be made on the basis of 75% at the time of delivery and the balance
shall be paid after satisfactory test or installation is completed.
GENERAL
56. GENERAL GUARANTY-Contractor agrees to:
a. Save the County, its agents and employees harmless from liability of any nature or kind for the use of any copyrighted or
uncopyrighted composition; secret process, patented or unpatented; invention; article or appliance furnished or used in the
performance of a contract for which the Contractor is not the patentee, assignee, licensee or owner.
b. Warrant that when the contract includes a software license, or use of licensed software, the Contractor is the owner of the
Software or otherwise has the right to grant to the County the license to use the Software granted through the Contract
without violating or infringing any law, rule, regulation, copyright, patent, trade secret or other proprietary right of any third
party.
c. Protect the County against latent defective material or workmanship and to repair or replace any damages or marring
occasioned in transit or delivery.
d. Furnish adequate protection against damage to all work and to repair damages of any kind to the building or equipment, to
his or her own work or to the work of other contractors, for which his or her workers are responsible.
e. Pay for all permits, licenses and fees and give all notices and comply with all laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, and
policies of the County.
f. Protect the County from loss or damage to County owned property while it is in the custody of the Contractor.
57. SERVICE CONTRACT GUARANTY-Contractor agrees to:
a. Furnish services described in the solicitation and resultant contract at the times and places and in the manner and subject
to conditions of those documents provided that the County may reduce the said services at any time.
b. Enter upon the performance of services with all due diligence and dispatch, assiduously press to its complete performance,
and exercise therein the highest degree of skill and competence.
c. All work and services rendered in strict conformance to all laws, statues, and ordinances and the applicable government
rules, regulations, methods, and procedures.
d. Allow services to be inspected or reviewed by an employee of the County at any reasonable time and place selected by the
County. The County is under no obligation to compensate Contractor for any services not rendered in strict conformity with
the contract.
e. Stipulate that the presence of a County Inspector shall not lessen the obligation of the Contractor for performance in