Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_053
Section: 1. Conviction for commission of a criminal offense as an incident to obtaining or attempting to obtain a public or private contract
Section Number: 1
Section Type: general
Phase: P1
Due Dates: None
Eligibility: None
Evaluation Type: Cost
Pricing Model: None
Risk Level: Medium
FAR References: None
Keywords: shall, bidder, contract
Word Count: 1695
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
================================================================================

1. Conviction for commission of a criminal offense as an incident to obtaining or attempting to obtain a public or private contract
or subcontract, or in the performance of such contract or subcontract;
2. Conviction under state or federal statutes of embezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsification or destruction of records,
receiving stolen property, or any other offense indicating a lack of business integrity or business honesty which currently,
seriously, and directly affects responsibility as a County Contractor;
3. Conviction under the state or federal antitrust statutes arising out of the submission of bids or proposals;
4. Violation of contract provisions, as set forth below, of a character which is regarded by the Purchasing Agent to be so serious
as to justify suspension or debarment action:
a. failure without good cause to perform in accordance with the specifications or within the time limit provided in the
contract; or
b. a recent record of failure to perform or of unsatisfactory performance in accordance with the terms of one or more
RFP 2000004198
Appendix A
GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS
contracts; provided, that failure to perform or unsatisfactory performance caused by acts beyond the control of the
Contractor shall not be considered to be a basis for suspension or debarment;
5. Any other cause the Purchasing Agent determines to be so serious and compelling as to affect responsibility as a Contractor,
such as debarment by another governmental entity for any cause listed herein, or because of prior reprimands;
6. The contractor has abandoned performance, been terminated for default on a Fairfax County project, or has taken any actions
that inure to the detriment of Fairfax County or a Fairfax County project ;
7. The Contractor is in default on any surety bond or written guarantee on which Fairfax County is an obligee.
c. If, upon appeal, it is determined that the action taken by the Purchasing Agent was arbitrary or capricious, or not in accordance
with the Constitution of Virginia, statutes or regulations, the sole relief available to the person or firm shall be restoration of
eligibility. The person or firm may not institute legal action until all statutory requirements have been met.
65. APPEAL OF DENIAL OF WITHDRAWAL OF BID-
a. A decision denying withdrawal of a bid submitted by a bidder or offeror shall be final and conclusive unless the bidder appeals
the decision within ten (10) days after receipt of the decision by instituting legal action as provided in the Code of Virginia.
The bidder or offeror may not institute legal action until all statutory requirements have been met.
b. If no bid bond was posted, a bidder refused withdrawal of bid under the provisions of Article 2, Section 5.A.8, of the Fairfax
County Purchasing Resolution, prior to appealing, shall deliver to the County a certified check or cash bond in the amount of
the difference between the bid sought to be withdrawn and the next low bid. Such security shall be released only upon a
final determination that the bidder was entitled to withdraw the bid.
c. If, upon appeal, it is determined that the decision refusing withdrawal of the bid was not an honest exercise of discretion, but
rather was arbitrary or capricious or not in accordance with the Constitution of Virginia, applicable state law or regulation, or
the terms or conditions of the Invitation to Bid, the sole relief shall be withdrawal of the bid.
66. APPEAL OF DETERMINATION OF NONRESPONSIBILITY-
a. Any bidder who, despite being the apparent low bidder, is determined not to be a responsible bidder for a particular County
contract shall be notified in writing by the Purchasing Agent. Such notice shall state the basis for the determination, which
shall be final unless the bidder appeals the decision within ten (10) days of receipt of the notice by instituting legal action as
provided in the Code of Virginia. The bidder may not institute legal action until all statutory requirements have been met.
b. If, upon appeal, it is determined that the decision of the Purchasing Agent was arbitrary or capricious and the award for the
particular County contract in question has not been made, the sole relief available to the bidder shall be a finding that the
bidder is a responsible bidder for the County contract in question. Where the award has been made and performance has
begun, the County may declare the contract void upon a finding that this action is in the best interest of the public. Where a
contract is declared void, the performing Contractor shall be compensated for the cost of performance up to the time of
such declaration. In no event shall the performing Contractor be entitled to lost profits.
67. PROTEST OF AWARD OR DECISION TO AWARD-
a. Any bidder or offeror may protest the award or decision to award a contract by submitting a protest in writing to the Purchasing
Agent, or an official designated by the County of Fairfax, no later than ten (10) days after the award or the announcement of
the decision to award, whichever occurs first. Any potential bidder or offeror on a contract negotiated on a sole source or
emergency basis who desires to protest the award or decision to award such contract shall submit such protest in the same
manner no later than ten days after posting or publication of the notice of such contract as provided in Article 2, Section 2, of
the Fairfax County Purchasing Resolution. However, if the protest of any actual or potential bidder or offeror depends in
whole or in part upon information contained in public records pertaining to the procurement transaction which are subject to
inspection under Article 2, Section 5.C of the Fairfax County Purchasing Resolution, then the time within which the protest
must be submitted shall expire ten days after those records are available for inspection by such bidder or offeror under Article
2, Section 5.C, or at such later time as provided herein. No protest shall lie for a claim that the selected bidder or offeror is
not a responsible bidder or offeror. The written protest shall include the basis for the protest and the relief sought. The
Purchasing Agent shall issue a decision in writing within ten (10) days of the receipt of the protest stating the reasons for the
action taken. This decision shall be final unless the bidder or offeror appeals within ten (10) days of receipt of the written
decision by instituting legal action as provided in the Code of Virginia. Nothing in this section shall be construed to permit a
bidder to challenge the validity of the terms or conditions of the Invitation for Bid or Request for Proposal.
b. If prior to award it is determined that the decision to award is arbitrary or capricious, then the sole relief shall be a finding to
that effect. The Purchasing Agent shall cancel the proposed award or revise it to comply with the law. If, after an award, it
is determined that an award of a contract was arbitrary or capricious, then the sole relief shall be as hereinafter provided.
Where the award has been made but performance has not begun, the performance of the contract may be declared void by
the County. Where the award has been made and performance has begun, the Purchasing Agent may declare the contract
void upon a finding that this action is in the best interest of the County. Where a contract is declared void, the performing
Contractor shall be compensated for the cost of performance at the rate specified in the contract up to the time of such
declaration. In no event shall the performing Contractor be entitled to lost profits.
RFP 2000004198
Appendix A
GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS
c. Pending final determination of a protest or appeal, the validity of a contract awarded and accepted in good faith in accordance
with this article shall not be affected by the fact that a protest or appeal has been filed.
d. An award need not be delayed for the period allowed a bidder or offeror to protest, but in the event of a timely protest, no
further action to award the contract will be taken unless there is a written determination that proceeding without delay is
necessary to protect the public interest or unless the bid or offer would expire.
68. CONTRACTUAL DISPUTES-
a. Any dispute concerning a question of fact as a result of a contract with the County which is not disposed of by agreement
shall be decided by the Purchasing Agent, who shall reduce her decision to writing and mail or otherwise forward a copy to
the Contractor within ninety (90) days. The decision of the Purchasing Agent shall be final and conclusive unless the
Contractor appeals within six (6) months of the date of the final written decision by instituting legal action as provided in the
Code of Virginia. A Contractor may not institute legal action, prior to receipt of the Purchasing Agent’s decision on the claim,
unless the Purchasing Agent fails to render such decision within the time specified.
b. Contractual claims, whether for money or other relief, shall be submitted in writing no later than sixty days after final payment;
however, written notice of the Contractor's intention to file such claim shall have been given at the time of the occurrence or
beginning of the work upon which the claim is based. Nothing herein shall preclude a contract from requiring submission of
an invoice for final payment within a certain time after completion and acceptance of the work or acceptance of the goods.
Pendency of claims shall not delay payment of amounts agreed due in the final payment.
69. LEGAL ACTION-No bidder, offeror, potential bidder or offeror, or Contractor shall institute any legal action until all statutory
requirements have been met. Statutory requirements include, but are not limited to, the requirements of the Virginia Public
Procurement Act, as reflected in the Fairfax County Purchasing Resolution and the requirement that any contractor seeking
monetary relief or damages from the County must submit its claim to the Board of Supervisors in compliance with Virginia Code
§ 15.2-1243 through 1249.