=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0037
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: Contractor shall be compensated for the cost of performance at the rate specified in the contract up to the time of such
Section Number: None
Phase: P4
Word Count: 860
Character Count: 5388
Line Count: 52

=== KEY DATES ===
Due Dates: None

=== ELIGIBILITY ===
Eligibility Types: None

=== EVALUATION ===
Evaluation Type: Not specified

=== GOVERNMENT REFERENCES ===
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None

=== KEYWORDS ===
Top Keywords: contractor, shall, contract, county, purchasing, performance, final, action, virginia, employees

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
Contractor shall be compensated for the cost of performance at the rate specified in the contract up to the time of such
declaration. In no event shall the performing Contractor be entitled to lost profits.
33
RFP 2000004198
Appendix A
GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS
c. Pending final determination of a protest or appeal, the validity of a contract awarded and accepted in good faith in accordance
with this article shall not be affected by the fact that a protest or appeal has been filed.
d. An award need not be delayed for the period allowed a bidder or offeror to protest, but in the event of a timely protest, no
further action to award the contract will be taken unless there is a written determination that proceeding without delay is
necessary to protect the public interest or unless the bid or offer would expire.
68. CONTRACTUAL DISPUTES-
a. Any dispute concerning a question of fact as a result of a contract with the County which is not disposed of by agreement
shall be decided by the Purchasing Agent, who shall reduce her decision to writing and mail or otherwise forward a copy to
the Contractor within ninety (90) days. The decision of the Purchasing Agent shall be final and conclusive unless the
Contractor appeals within six (6) months of the date of the final written decision by instituting legal action as provided in the
Code of Virginia. A Contractor may not institute legal action, prior to receipt of the Purchasing Agent’s decision on the claim,
unless the Purchasing Agent fails to render such decision within the time specified.
b. Contractual claims, whether for money or other relief, shall be submitted in writing no later than sixty days after final payment;
however, written notice of the Contractor's intention to file such claim shall have been given at the time of the occurrence or
beginning of the work upon which the claim is based. Nothing herein shall preclude a contract from requiring submission of
an invoice for final payment within a certain time after completion and acceptance of the work or acceptance of the goods.
Pendency of claims shall not delay payment of amounts agreed due in the final payment.
69. LEGAL ACTION-No bidder, offeror, potential bidder or offeror, or Contractor shall institute any legal action until all statutory
requirements have been met. Statutory requirements include, but are not limited to, the requirements of the Virginia Public
Procurement Act, as reflected in the Fairfax County Purchasing Resolution and the requirement that any contractor seeking
monetary relief or damages from the County must submit its claim to the Board of Supervisors in compliance with Virginia Code
§ 15.2-1243 through 1249.
70. VENUE: This contract and its terms, including but not limited to, the parties’ obligations, the performance due, and the remedies
available to each party, are governed, construed, and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Any jurisdiction’s choice of law, conflicts of laws, rules, or provisions that would cause the application of any laws other than
those of the Commonwealth of Virginia do not apply. Any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action arising out of or in any
way connected with this contract or its performance must be brought in the applicable court of Fairfax County, or in the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Alexandria Division.
71. COOPERATIVE PURCHASING-The County or any entity identified in the Fairfax County Purchasing Resolution, Article 1,
Section 3 may participate in, sponsor, conduct or administer a cooperative procurement agreement as set forth in the Fairfax
County Purchasing Resolution.
72. DRUG FREE WORKPLACE-During the performance of a contract, the Contractor agrees to (i) provide a drug-free workplace
for the Contractor's employees; (ii) post in conspicuous places, available to employees and applicants for employment, a
statement notifying employees that the unlawful manufacture, sale, distribution, dispensation, possession, or use of a controlled
substance or marijuana is prohibited in the Contractor's workplace and specifying the actions that will be taken against employees
for violations of such prohibition; (iii) state in all solicitations or advertisements for employees placed by or on behalf of the
Contractor that the Contractor maintains a drug-free workplace; and (iv) include the provisions of the foregoing clauses in every
subcontract of over $10,000, so that the provisions will be binding upon each subcontractor or vendor. For the purposes of this
section, "drug-free workplace" means a site for the performance of work done in conjunction with a specific contract awarded to
a Contractor in accordance with this section, the employees of whom are prohibited from engaging in the unlawful manufacture,
sale, distribution, dispensation, possession or use of any controlled substance or marijuana during the performance of the
contract.
73. IMMIGRATION REFORM AND CONTROL ACT-Contractor agrees that it does not, and shall not during the performance of the
contract for goods and services in the Commonwealth, knowingly employ an unauthorized alien as defined in the Federal
Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986.
74. AUDIT OF RECORDS The parties agree that the County or its agent must have reasonable access to and the right to examine