=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0007
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: that use any of these elements are required to meet these requirements and any
Section Number: None
Phase: P2
Word Count: 593
Character Count: 4142
Line Count: 57

=== KEY DATES ===
Due Dates: None

=== ELIGIBILITY ===
Eligibility Types: None

=== EVALUATION ===
Evaluation Type: Not specified

=== GOVERNMENT REFERENCES ===
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None

=== KEYWORDS ===
Top Keywords: county, system, must, hardware, contractor, shall, requirements, solutions, disaster, ensure

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
that use any of these elements are required to meet these requirements and any
deviation from the standard must be documented and approved by the CTO.
5.7. Infrastructure Requirements:
5.7.1. Contractors supporting solutions implemented and hosted at the County, must
ensure all infrastructure needs are specified and approved. Contractors must
maintain for County technical documentation and hardware proposals for
consideration in their support capacity
5.7.2. For a proposed solution the County may require up to six separate computing
environments, with the ability to run concurrently, for sandbox, development, testing,
training, acceptance, and production. To ensure that each environment is technically
equivalent, duplicate servers and workstations as specified below shall be utilized
except where virtual machine technology is preferred by the County. The County
will work with the Contractor to duplicate or approximate other relevant
environmental considerations such as the network and system loading to ensure
realistic testing scenarios are facilitated.
7
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
5.7.3. When responding to statements of work, solution hardware requirements should be
listed in detail to include make and model required for the full implementation of the
application. All hardware components must be sized appropriately to ensure that the
performance requirements of the Contractor’s application will be met. Equipment
specifications provided by the County within this RFP shall be considered as minimal
requirements. Deviations for hardware proposed will be finalized during final design
stages of the project.
5.7.4. The County maintains a four-year replacement program for workstations and a four-
year replacement program for servers and associated ancillary equipment. The
Contractor shall prepare technology refreshment specifications and costs for
installed hardware currently under maintenance agreement every four years or
when requested.
5.8. Disaster Recovery/Continuity of Operations:
5.8.1. For solutions developed using staff augmentation from this contract, regardless of
the architecture of the solutions or systems the Contractor supports, , the Contractor
shall be continually ready to invoke a Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery
(“BC-DR”) plan that at a minimum addresses the following scenarios: (i) The central
computer installation and resident software are destroyed or damaged, (ii) System
interruption or failure resulting from network, operating hardware, software, or
operational errors that compromises the integrity of transactions that are active in a
live system at the time of the outage, (iii) System interruption or failure resulting from
network, operating hardware, software or operational errors that compromises the
integrity of data maintained in a live or archival system, (iv) System interruption or
failure resulting from network, operating hardware, software or operational errors
that does not compromise the integrity of transactions or data maintained in a live
or archival system but does prevent access to the system, i.e., causes unscheduled
system unavailability. The BC-DR plan shall account for and be in effect during the
entire period beginning with project kickoff and ending with the end of any turnover
period. If Contractor is fully supporting BC-DR then BC-DR plans must be prior
approved by the County.
5.8.2. Fairfax County operates a contemporary near real-time co-location site for county
applications and data off-site. Any solutions supported must be able to seamlessly
fail-over and be active-active. If components of the supported solutions are a
subscription service hosted by the Offeror or third-party data-center, the contractors
must include provisions and descriptions of its DR site and procedures. Fairfax
County must have direct access to inspect the host and co-location sites.
5.8.3. The Contractor’s Disaster Recovery plan should document the processes necessary
to respond to system disruption or a disaster that would affect the system.
5.8.4. The Contractor’s Disaster Recovery plan shall identify the activities, resources, and