=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0029
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: for the purpose of meeting the requirements of this section.
Section Number: None
Phase: P2
Word Count: 664
Character Count: 4233
Line Count: 42

=== KEY DATES ===
Due Dates: None

=== ELIGIBILITY ===
Eligibility Types: None

=== EVALUATION ===
Evaluation Type: Not specified

=== GOVERNMENT REFERENCES ===
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None

=== KEYWORDS ===
Top Keywords: contractor, price, reduction, contract, shall, purchasing, agent, county, fairfax, small

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
for the purpose of meeting the requirements of this section.
d. The Contractor will include the provisions of the foregoing paragraphs a, b, and c above in every subcontract or purchase
order of over $10,000 so that the provisions will be binding upon each subcontractor or vendor.
e. Contractor shall, throughout the term of this contract, comply with the Human Rights Ordinance, Chapter 11 of the Code of
the County of Fairfax, Virginia, as reenacted or amended. Contractor shall further require that all of its subcontractors will
comply with the Human Rights Ordinance, Chapter 11 of the Code of the County of Fairfax, Virginia, as reenacted or amended
38. SMALL, WOMEN-OWNED, AND MINORITY-OWNED BUSINESS USE-
a. It is the declared policy of the County of Fairfax, through its Small and Minority Business Enterprise Program, that Fairfax
County and its employees undertake every effort to increase opportunity for use of small or minority businesses in all aspects
of procurement to the maximum extent feasible.
b. Where it is practicable for any portion of the awarded contract to be subcontracted to other suppliers, the contractor is
encouraged to offer such subcontracting opportunities to small, women and minority businesses.
c. Where Federal grants or monies are involved, it is the policy of Fairfax County, through its agents and employees, to comply
with the requirements set forth in the Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for
Federal Awards, as they pertain to small and minority business use.
39. GUARANTEES & WARRANTIES-All guarantees and warranties required shall be furnished by the Contractor and shall be
delivered to the Purchasing Agent before contract execution. Unless otherwise stated, manufacturer's standard warranty applies.
40. PRICE REDUCTION-If the Contractor makes a general price reduction for any material covered by the solicitation to customers
generally, an equivalent price reduction shall apply to this contract for the duration of the contract period (or until the price is
further reduced). Such price reduction shall be effective at the same time and in the same manner as the reduction in the price
to customers generally. For purpose of this provision, a "general price reduction" shall mean any horizontal reduction in the price
of an article or service offered (1) to Contractor's customers generally, or (2) in the Contractor's price schedule for the class of
customers (i.e., wholesalers, jobbers, or retailers), which was used as the basis for bidding on this solicitation. An occasional
sale at a lower price, or sale of distressed merchandise at a lower price is not a "general price reduction" under this provision.
28
RFP 2000004198
Appendix A
GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS
The Contractor shall submit its invoice at such reduced prices indicating on the invoice that the reduction is pursuant to the "Price
Reduction" provision of the contract documents. The Contractor will also within ten days of any general price reduction notify
the Purchasing Agent of such reduction by letter. FAILURE TO DO SO MAY RESULT IN TERMINATION OF THE CONTRACT.
41. CHANGES-If in the Purchasing Agent’s opinion, it becomes proper or necessary in the execution of this contract to make any
change in design, or to make any alterations that will increase the expense, the Purchasing Agent shall determine an equitable
adjustment to the Contractor’s compensation.
No payment shall be made to the Contractor for any extra material or services, or of any greater amount of money than stipulated
to be paid in the contract, unless some changes in or additions to the contract requiring additional outlay by the Contractor are
first expressly authorized and ordered in writing by contract amendment or otherwise furnished by the Purchasing Agent.
42. PLACING OF ORDERS-Orders against contracts will be placed with the Contractor by Purchase Order or Procurement Card (P-
Card) executed and released by the Purchasing Agent or their designee. When a Blanket Purchase Order has been released
by the Purchasing Agent, telephonic orders may be placed directly with the Contractor by authorized personnel in the ordering
Agency.
DELIVERY PROVISIONS