Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_009
Section: 5. TECHNOLOGY PROFILES AND ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:
Section Number: 5
Section Type: scope
Phase: P2
Due Dates: None
Eligibility: None
Evaluation Type: Technical
Pricing Model: None
Risk Level: Medium
FAR References: None
Keywords: county
Word Count: 2703
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
================================================================================

5. TECHNOLOGY PROFILES AND ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:
5.1. Fairfax County Information Technology Profile and Requirements:
5.1.1. To meet the requirements of this solicitation, proposals for providing IT staff
augmentation support should comprehensively address all aspects of the related
labor category, including skill sets, experience, and availability of proposed
personnel. The offeror will describe their organizational experience in delivering
services and solutions in the particular labor category. Submissions from general
staffing firms or vendors without demonstrable delivery experience in the IT category
will be disqualified. The Offeror will be responsible for demonstrating that supplied
staff fully integrate with existing County teams and projects. The County will provide
guidance on the methodology and design required for each support area in each
future work order. Offeror must demonstrate ability to integrate the augmented staff
into existing County processes and workflows. Any solutions developed or
implemented by staff augmentation support must be fully integrated into the core
County software, database and interfaces and seamlessly integrate with county
technologies. Proposals must detail the following; organizational skill sets and
expertise, proposed staffing models, ensure augmented staff can seamlessly
integrate and use existing county frameworks, methodologies, and tools. This
includes a commitment to adhering to the County's security guidelines and best
practices. The Offeror should ensure that the proposal includes, examples of
relevant case studies, past work or projects in government settings, and a clear plan
for onboarding and integrating these staff members within the County’s existing IT
organization. Proposals must demonstrate offerors ability to provide staff that can
meet one or more of the supported areas and show competencies in the core
technologies used by the county. Information about Fairfax County IT Projects,
Standards, environments and platforms can be found in the Information Technology
Plan, https://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/informationtechnology/it-plan.
5.1.2. Fairfax County IT Management Overview – The Department of Information
Technology (DIT) is the County’s central IT agency that establishes standards and
architecture for information and communication systems for all County agencies.
DIT provides leadership, process, governance, resources, and expertise in
deploying information technology, and provides technology infrastructure, and
designs, develops, implements and maintains enterprise-wide and agencies’
specific applications. The Director of DIT is also the County's Chief Information
Officer and has authority for strategic leadership for technology investments, and
direction in deployment of technology county-wide, and oversees implementation of
policy and IT projects. DIT has a Project Management Office that works with all
agencies’ Project Managers (PM) in reviewing project plans for performance and
scope, and approving project expenditures. DIT assigns a technical PM who is
responsible for working with project System Integrators (SI) and staff augmentation
support on the technical implementation processes.
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
5.1.3. The County prefers solutions use industry standards out-of-the-box, including
contemporary best practices for solution architecture, configurability, integration,
user access and data security; be available 24x7x365; are scalable and meet
reasonable performance requirements; and allow for appropriate maintenance
windows.
5.1.4. Any solutions custom built by an SI, then DIT will specify the standard for the build
and the underlying infrastructure which contractors must adhere to.
5.1.5. If support is for a commercial licensed software product, it is expected that work is
based on its manufacture specifications and not manipulated outside its developed
architecture and development standards. The solution design should recommend
the hardware and database environment that ensures optimal performance,
supportability and reliability.
5.1.6. Solution support may be required on technology that is hosted outside the County’s
IT environment, such as a subscription service. Augmented staff must adhere to
County IT Security standards for data security and privacy and user access from the
county’s local and remote network. DIT will specify remote access specifications.
5.2. County Network Environment:
5.2.1. The County’s technology architecture is a tactical asset that defines technology
components necessary to support business operations and the infrastructure
required for implementation of technologies in response to the changing needs of
government business and industry evolution. It is a multi-layered architecture that
includes:
• Application and Data Architectures,
• Platform Architecture,
• Network Architecture,
• Internet Architecture, and
• Security Architecture.
5.2.2. More information about the County’s enterprise architecture is available in the
Information Technology Plan, published by the County DIT, at
https://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/informationtechnology/it-plan
5.3. Requirements for Solutions Supported by Staff Augmentation:
5.3.1. All information systems delivery and management is governed by the Architecture
Review Board (ARB) and other program specific committees that are chartered to
manage scope and functionality delivery issues, and advise and/or direct
development efforts and promote conformance to a variety of standards, including
but not limited, to those in the Information Technology Plan,
https://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/informationtechnology/it-plan. Offerors with staff
augmentation support in the various domains may be required to review solution
architecture with the DIT ARB while supporting the county. The DIT ARB provides
technical review and sign-off of Solution designs.
5.3.2. In general, solutions that are installed on premises at Fairfax County use industry
standards and must meet the following requirements, which are described in the
Information Technology Plan,
https://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/informationtechnology/it-plan:
• Enterprise Architecture and Standards,
• Application Platforms and Architecture, and
• Database and Operating Systems.
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
5.3.3. Deviations: Deviations from the architecture and standards may become a barrier
to the sustainability of the County’s integration and interoperability posture and may
be subject to further review. When responding to various statements of work during
the duration of this contract, offerors must specifically disclose all aspects of the
proposed solution which deviate from the documented standards and desired
architectures, and provide approaches for consideration about the manner in which
non-standard components may be integrated.
5.3.4. Graphical User Interfaces: The County has standard templates that are required for
its websites to have maximum consistency across applications and content. Any
hosted applications and most COTS applications should be able to present through
the County template or simulation for County brand and identity. Alternatives to
using these templates must be arranged through the County DIT.
5.4. IT/Cyber Security:
5.4.1. All solution components must meet Information Security practices as described in
the Fairfax County Information Technology Security Policy:
https://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/informationtechnology/sites/informationtechnology/fil
es/assets/security/pm70-05_01.pdf.
5.4.2. The Contractor must provide complete Fairfax County Project Proposal Matrix for
Meeting Information Technology Security Policy Requirements (Attachment C)
upon request by the County.
5.4.3. Contractors implementing solutions must be compliant with all federal and Virginia
laws and regulations governing the access, use and management of Personally
Identifiable Information (PII), Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliant and meet
Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) requirements.
5.4.4. Offerors must include in their proposals the completed Attachment D: Fairfax
County IT Services Provider Consultant/Contractor Agreement, for the firm and its
personnel that have roles in the implementation and management of the solution
implementation and post implementation maintenance and support, as applicable.
This requirement is non-negotiable.
5.4.5. Contractor personnel are subject to monitoring by the County IT Security Office
(ISO), and any person of the Contractor or its subcontractors or representatives that
breach IT Security Policy and/or ethics are automatically removed from the
engagement.
5.4.6. Sensitive and Confidential Information: Sensitive or Confidential information may
not be removed from Fairfax County premises or systems unless the information’s
owner has approved such removal or exposure in advance. This includes, but is not
limited to, various active data services, (REST, WebSocket, GraphQL, etc.) portable
computer hard disks, portable memory devices (including USB drives), tape
cartridges, and paper documents containing sensitive or confidential information.
This paragraph does not apply to authorized off-site backups which are in encrypted
form.
5.4.7. Authorized Tools and Programs: Except as otherwise expressly authorized by
DIT/ISO, users shall not download, install or run security programs or utilities that
reveal weaknesses in the security of a system. For example, Fairfax County users
shall not run password cracking programs, network reconnaissance/discovery
software/applications, key loggers, packet sniffers, network mapping tools, port
scanners or any other non-approved programs while connected in any manner to
the Fairfax County network infrastructure.
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
5.4.8. Remote Access: Authorized users accessing the County’s network remotely shall
abide by security policies and procedures to protect the County's equipment, data,
and network access as if they were working on premises.
A. Remote access is a service provided by the County and shall be used for
authorized business purposes only. To this end, management shall approve
every request for remote access.
B. Remote access to the Fairfax County network shall be done using the DIT
provided or supported services that are approved by the Information Security
Office.
C. Agencies or individuals who wish to implement non-standard Remote Access
solutions to the Fairfax County production network shall obtain prior approval
from DIT and the Information Security Office.
D. Secure remote access shall be strictly controlled. Control will be enforced via
remote access authentication using security tokens that provide one-time
password authentication or public/private keys with strong pass-phrases.
Furthermore, users may not share passwords or access devices to permit
others onto the County network.
E. Remote Access control will be enforced via network and system level
auditing. This information will be readily available for monitoring and review
by appropriate personnel.
F. External access to and from information systems shall meet Fairfax County
remote access standards and guidelines.
G. Reconfiguration of a home user’s equipment for the purpose of split-tunneling
or dual homing is not permitted.
H. All hosts that are connected to Fairfax County internal networks via remote
access technologies shall use the most up-to-date anti-virus software.
I. By using remote access technology with personal equipment, users shall
understand that their machines are a de facto extension of Fairfax County’s
network, and as such are subject to the same standards that apply to County-
owned equipment; therefore, their machines shall be configured to comply
with Fairfax County policies and DIT standards for anti-virus software and
patch management.
J. The County monitors its networks and systems for security violations. Users
agree to this monitoring when they use the service.
K. The link shall be encrypted whenever a computer network connection is
established between a County computer and another computer at a location
outside an official Fairfax County office, and whenever this connection
transmits, or is likely to transmit sensitive information.
5.5. Ownership of and Access to Data, Source Code:
5.5.1. All County data is and must remain the sole property of the County. Therefore, all
tools and capabilities native to the Offeror’s solution should be available to the
County to allow for full access to that data. All tables, layouts, queries, stored
procedures, XML schema and other content developed to support the operation of
a database and/or County applications in the Fairfax environment become the
property of the County, and shall be available to the appropriate County personnel
as needed and upon request.
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
5.5.2. Source code shall revert to the County if the Contractor files for bankruptcy or
protection from creditors in a court of law. The County shall have full rights to use
source code for any purposes other than resale. The same applies if the Contractor
is merged or acquired and the software is no longer supported. Software source
code will be updated to reflect the most current version of the software source code
materials including all adjustments and configuration made for Fairfax County.
5.5.3. Once contract is awarded, Contractor must provide documentation about schemas
or database table organization at a level of detail that enables report writers to
navigate and extract all information necessary to produce ad hoc reports.
5.5.4. All source code developed under a given task order must remain the sole property
of the County. Contractor may request permission to re-use portions of the code
written by their staff, however, this request must be made in writing to the Fairfax
County Department of Procurement and Material Management for review and
approval.
5.5.5. The above is not meant to include proprietary programs, tools or other intellectual
property. However, such claim to proprietary content cannot intrude on the County’s
right to access its data without undue interference or additional cost.
5.5.6. Data owned by Fairfax County may not be used by the Contractor for any purposes
without the express written consent of the appropriate County representative. Data
covered under specific federal, state and local privacy laws are confidential. Any
breach of privacy is cause for termination of contract.
5.5.7. Data Access (Off-Premise): If the solution is hosted outside the County’s network
the County requires 24/7 access to all data and all communications, transactions,
and all other records of business concerning the software in relation to the agencies
that utilize and/or access HCSIS.
5.6. Standard County Data:
5.6.1. Certain elements are standardized in format and content to enable enterprise-wide
data usability, coordination of services, analysis, and public safety. New systems
that use any of these elements are required to meet these requirements and any
deviation from the standard must be documented and approved by the CTO.
5.7. Infrastructure Requirements:
5.7.1. Contractors supporting solutions implemented and hosted at the County, must
ensure all infrastructure needs are specified and approved. Contractors must
maintain for County technical documentation and hardware proposals for
consideration in their support capacity
5.7.2. For a proposed solution the County may require up to six separate computing
environments, with the ability to run concurrently, for sandbox, development, testing,
training, acceptance, and production. To ensure that each environment is technically
equivalent, duplicate servers and workstations as specified below shall be utilized
except where virtual machine technology is preferred by the County. The County
will work with the Contractor to duplicate or approximate other relevant
environmental considerations such as the network and system loading to ensure
realistic testing scenarios are facilitated.
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
5.7.3. When responding to statements of work, solution hardware requirements should be
listed in detail to include make and model required for the full implementation of the
application. All hardware components must be sized appropriately to ensure that the
performance requirements of the Contractor’s application will be met. Equipment
specifications provided by the County within this RFP shall be considered as minimal
requirements. Deviations for hardware proposed will be finalized during final design
stages of the project.
5.7.4. The County maintains a four-year replacement program for workstations and a four-
year replacement program for servers and associated ancillary equipment. The
Contractor shall prepare technology refreshment specifications and costs for
installed hardware currently under maintenance agreement every four years or
when requested.
5.8. Disaster Recovery/Continuity of Operations:
5.8.1. For solutions developed using staff augmentation from this contract, regardless of
the architecture of the solutions or systems the Contractor supports, , the Contractor
shall be continually ready to invoke a Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery
(“BC-DR”) plan that at a minimum addresses the following scenarios: (i) The central
computer installation and resident software are destroyed or damaged, (ii) System
interruption or failure resulting from network, operating hardware, software, or
operational errors that compromises the integrity of transactions that are active in a
live system at the time of the outage, (iii) System interruption or failure resulting from
network, operating hardware, software or operational errors that compromises the
integrity of data maintained in a live or archival system, (iv) System interruption or
failure resulting from network, operating hardware, software or operational errors
that does not compromise the integrity of transactions or data maintained in a live
or archival system but does prevent access to the system, i.e., causes unscheduled
system unavailability. The BC-DR plan shall account for and be in effect during the
entire period beginning with project kickoff and ending with the end of any turnover
period. If Contractor is fully supporting BC-DR then BC-DR plans must be prior
approved by the County.
5.8.2. Fairfax County operates a contemporary near real-time co-location site for county
applications and data off-site. Any solutions supported must be able to seamlessly
fail-over and be active-active. If components of the supported solutions are a
subscription service hosted by the Offeror or third-party data-center, the contractors
must include provisions and descriptions of its DR site and procedures. Fairfax
County must have direct access to inspect the host and co-location sites.
5.8.3. The Contractor’s Disaster Recovery plan should document the processes necessary
to respond to system disruption or a disaster that would affect the system.
5.8.4. The Contractor’s Disaster Recovery plan shall identify the activities, resources, and
procedures needed to carry out processing requirements for a prolonged period of
time.