=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0032
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: accordance with the contract requirements, or be deemed a defense on the part of the Contractor for infraction thereof. The
Section Number: None
Phase: P2
Word Count: 657
Character Count: 4218
Line Count: 40

=== KEY DATES ===
Due Dates: None

=== ELIGIBILITY ===
Eligibility Types: None

=== EVALUATION ===
Evaluation Type: Not specified

=== GOVERNMENT REFERENCES ===
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None

=== KEYWORDS ===
Top Keywords: contractor, county, such, claim, contract, must, defense, indemnification, indemnify, defend

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
accordance with the contract requirements, or be deemed a defense on the part of the Contractor for infraction thereof. The
Inspector is not authorized to revoke, alter, enlarge, relax, or release any of the requirements of the contract documents.
Any omission or failure on the part of the Inspector to disapprove or reject any work or material shall not be construed to be
an acceptance of any such defective work or material. Notification of an omission or failure will be documented by the
Purchasing Agent.
30
RFP 2000004198
Appendix A
GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS
58. INDEMNIFICATION-
a. General Indemnification. Contractor must indemnify, keep and save harmless, and defend the County, its agents, officials,
employees and volunteers against Claims that may accrue or arise against the County as a result of the granting a contract,
if the Claim was caused by the negligence or error, or omission of the Contractor, its employees, its subcontractor, or its
subcontractor’s employees. As used in this Section, a Claim includes: injuries, death, damage to property, breach of data
security, suits, liabilities, judgments, or costs and expenses. Upon request by the County, the Contractor must at its own
expense: appear, defend, and pay all attorney’s fees and all costs and other expenses related to the Claim. If, related to a
Claim, any judgment is rendered against the County or a settlement reached that requires the County to pay money, the
Contractor must at its own expense satisfy and discharge the same. Contractor expressly understands and agrees that any
performance bond or insurance protection required by this Contract, or otherwise provided by the Contractor, does not limit
the Contractor’s responsibility to indemnify, keep and save harmless, and defend the County as provided in this Contract.
b. Intellectual Property Indemnification. In addition to the General Indemnification, Contractor will indemnify the County for
and defend the County against third-party claims for infringement of any valid United States patent, trademark or copyright
by the Contractor’s products, software, services, or deliverables. Contractor must indemnify the County for any loss,
damage, expense or liability, including costs and reasonable attorney’s fees that may result by reason of any such claim.
In the event of a claim covered by this subparagraph, and in addition to all other obligations of Contractor in this Paragraph
58, Contractor must at its expense and within a reasonable time: (a) obtain a right for the County to continue using such
products and software, or allow Contractor to continue performing the Services; (b) modify such products, software, services
or deliverables to make them non-infringing; or (c) replace such products or software with a non-infringing equivalent. If, in
the Contractor’s reasonable opinion, none of the foregoing options is feasible Contractor must immediately notify the County
and accept the return of the products, software, services, or deliverables, along with any other components rendered
unusable as a result of the infringement or claimed infringement, and refund to the County the price paid to Contractor for
such components as well as any pre-paid fees for the allegedly infringing services, including license, subscription fees, or
both. Nothing in Paragraph 59, however, relieves the Contractor of liability to the County for damages sustained by the
County by virtue of any breach of contract related to a third-party infringement claim.
c. Right to Participate in Defense. The County may, at its sole expense, participate in the defense or resolution of a
Claim. Contractor will have primary control of the defense and resolution of the Claim, except when such defense or
resolution requires the County to (i) admit liability or wrongdoing; or (ii) to pay money. In either of these cases Contractor
must obtain the County’s prior written consent before raising such defense or entering into such resolution.
d. No Indemnification by the County. The parties agree that under applicable law the County cannot indemnify or
defend the Contractor. To the extent any promise or term contained in this Contract, including any exhibits,