=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners_chunk_0005
Source File: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners.pdf
Section Title: requirements set by the United States Small Business Administration, that is organized to engage in
Section Number: None
Phase: P1
Word Count: 970
Character Count: 6181
Line Count: 81

=== KEY DATES ===
Due Dates: 03/25/2025, 03/25/2025

=== ELIGIBILITY ===
Eligibility Types: SMALL_BUSINESS

=== EVALUATION ===
Evaluation Type: Not specified

=== GOVERNMENT REFERENCES ===
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None

=== KEYWORDS ===
Top Keywords: offeror, procurement, contract, shall, proposals, offerors, state, maryland, date, addenda

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
requirements set by the United States Small Business Administration, that is organized to engage in
commercial transactions, and is at least 51 percent owned and controlled by one or more individuals
who are Veterans, and who manage the operations of the business, and is so registered and certified
in eMMA.
C. PROCUREMENT OFFICER
The sole point of contact in the AOC for purposes of this RFP is the Procurement Officer noted on the Key
Information Summary Sheet. The AOC may change the Procurement Officer at any time by written notice
to the Offeror. Only information communicated by the Procurement Officer shall be deemed the official
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I – Child Access Case Screeners – mdcourts.gov/procurement
Rev. 03/25/2025
Page 5
position of the AOC. No other State of Maryland or AOC employee, official, or representative has the
authority to change the requirements of this solicitation. Attempts by the Offeror to contact members of the
evaluation committee, or otherwise circumvent this procedure in any manner may be grounds for
disqualification.
D. CONTRACT MANAGER
The Contract Manager for post-award activities will be disclosed to the Successful Offeror. The AOC may
change the Contract Manager at any time by written notice to the Successful Offeror.
E. DURATION OF OFFER
Proposals submitted in response to this RFP are irrevocable for 180 days following: (1) the closing date of
proposals, (2) Best and Final Offers (BAFOs), if requested, or (3) the resolution date of any protest
concerning this RFP. This period may be extended at the Procurement Officer’s request only with the
Offeror’s written agreement.
F. REVISIONS TO THE RFP
1. The AOC reserves the right to amend this RFP at any time prior to the proposal closing date and
time. If the RFP is revised prior to the proposal closing date and time, the AOC shall post any addenda
to the RFP on the Procurement Portal and shall attempt to provide such addenda to all prospective
Offerors that received the RFP or are otherwise known by the Procurement Officers to have obtained
this RFP. It remains the responsibility of all prospective Offerors to review the Procurement Portal
for any addenda issued prior to the submission of proposals.
2. If one (1) or more addenda are issued to this RFP, Offerors shall acknowledge receipt of all addenda
on the Procurement Portal. Addenda issued after the closing date and time for proposals will be sent
only to those Offerors who submitted a timely proposal.
3. Failure to acknowledge receipt of an addendum does not relieve the Offeror from complying with
the terms, additions, deletions, clarifications, or corrections set forth in the addendum, and may cause
the proposal to be deemed not reasonably susceptible of being selected for award.
G. CANCELLATIONS
The AOC reserves the right to cancel this RFP; accept or reject any and all proposals, in whole or in part,
received in response to this RFP; or, waive or permit cure of minor irregularities and conduct discussions
with all Offerors in any manner necessary to serve the best interests of the AOC. The AOC also reserves the
right, in its sole discretion, to award a Contract based upon the written proposals received without prior
discussions or negotiations.
H. PROTESTS/DISPUTES
Any protest or dispute related to this solicitation or the resulting Contract shall be subject to the provisions
of the Judicial Branch Procurement Policy.
I. MULTIPLE OR ALTERNATE PROPOSALS
Neither multiple nor alternate proposals will be accepted.
J. ARREARAGES
By submitting a proposal in response to this RFP, each Offeror represents that it is not in arrears in the
payment of any obligations due and owing the State of Maryland, including the payment of taxes and
employee benefits, and that it shall not become so in arrears during the term of the Contract, if selected for
Contract award.
K. VERIFICATION OF REGISTRATION AND TAX PAYMENT
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I – Child Access Case Screeners – mdcourts.gov/procurement
Rev. 03/25/2025
Page 6
1. Before an entity can do business in the State of Maryland, it must be registered with the Department
of Assessments and Taxation (SDAT), 123 Market Place, Baltimore, Maryland 21202. For
registration information, visit: https://www.egov.maryland.gov/businessexpress
2. It is strongly recommended that any potential Offerors complete the registration prior to the closing
date for receipt of proposals. An Offeror’s failure to complete the registration with SDAT may
disqualify an Offeror from final consideration and recommendation for Contract award.
L. FALSE STATEMENTS
Offerors are advised that in connection with a procurement contract, a person may not willfully: Falsify,
conceal, or suppress a material fact by any scheme or device; make a false or fraudulent statement or
representation of a material fact; use a false writing or document that contains a false or fraudulent statement
or entry of a material fact; or, aid or conspire with another person to commit any of the aforementioned acts.
M. PRESS RELEASES
The Successful Offeror shall issue no press release to any publication, including newspapers and social media
outlets, regarding work being conducted under the resulting contract from this RFP, or utilize the Maryland
Judiciary brand mark in any marketing materials, without the express written consent of the AOC.
N. PAYMENTS TO SUCCESSFUL OFFEROR
1. By submitting a response to this solicitation, the Offeror agrees to accept payments by electronic
funds transfer unless the State Comptroller’s Office grants an exemption. The selected Offeror shall
register using the COT/GAD X-10 Vendor Electronic Funds (EFT) Registration Request Form. Any
request for exemption must be submitted to the State Comptroller’s Office for approval at the address
specified on the COT/GAD X-10 form and must include the business identification information as
stated on the form and include the reason for the exemption. The COT/GAC X-10 form can be
downloaded at:
https://www.marylandtaxes.gov/forms/state-accounting/static-files/GADX10Form.pdf
2. Payments to the Successful Offeror shall be made not later than thirty (30) days after the acceptance