=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners_chunk_0010
Source File: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners.pdf
Section Title: SECTION II. INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS
Section Number: None
Phase: P1
Word Count: 848
Character Count: 5457
Line Count: 73

=== KEY DATES ===
Due Dates: 03/25/2025

=== ELIGIBILITY ===
Eligibility Types: None

=== EVALUATION ===
Evaluation Type: Award Basis

=== GOVERNMENT REFERENCES ===
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None

=== KEYWORDS ===
Top Keywords: proposal, procurement, conference, offeror, offerors, shall, contract, proposals, date, portal

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
SECTION II. INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS
A. CONTRACT TYPE
The Contract that results from this RFP shall be based on Labor Hour, Not-to-Exceed (NTE).
B. PROCUREMENT METHOD
The Contract resulting from this RFP shall be awarded in accordance with the Request for Proposals (RFP)
process under the Judicial Branch Procurement Policy.
C. AWARD BASIS
A contract shall be awarded to the responsible Offeror(s) submitting the proposal that has been determined
to be the most advantageous to the AOC, considering price and evaluation factors set forth in this RFP, for
providing the goods and/or services as specified in this RFP.
The AOC reserves the right to make additional awards of like resources as awarded within the Offeror pool
during the life of the contract at the proposed labor rates. The AOC reserves the right to roll-off support
resources with thirty (30) days’ notice (e.g., assignments completed prior to contract expiration).
D. PRE-PROPOSAL CONFERENCE
1. A Pre-proposal Conference and site visit (as applicable) may be held on the date and time, and at the
location (i.e., virtual or on-premises) indicated in the project details and important events sections of
the solicitation on the Procurement Portal.
a. If the Pre-Proposal Conference is to be held on-premises, Offerors are encouraged to bring
a copy of this RFP and a business card to help facilitate a more efficient sign-in process. To
ensure adequate seating and other accommodations at the Pre-proposal Conference, please
email the Pre-bid/proposal Conference Response Form (Attachment D) to the attention of
the Procurement Officer no later than one (1) business day prior to the scheduled Pre-
proposal Conference date and time.
b. If the Pre-proposal Conference will be held virtually, Offerors shall register using the
registration link located in the important events section of the solicitation on the Procurement
Portal.
2. Offeror’s attendance at the Pre-proposal Conference is mandatory, in order to facilitate better
preparation of proposals. If the solicitation includes an MBE or VSBE goal, failure to attend the Pre-
proposal Conference will be taken into consideration as part of the evaluation of an Offeror’s good
faith effort if there is a waiver request.
3. MBE & VSBE subcontractors are encouraged to attend the Pre-proposal Conference to solicit their
services to potential Offerors.
4. If there is a need for sign language interpretation or other special accommodations due to a disability,
please notify the Procurement Officer at least five (5) business days prior to the Pre-proposal
Conference. The AOC will make a reasonable effort to provide such special accommodations.
E. QUESTIONS
1. Offerors shall direct all communication regarding this RFP to the Procurement Officer. Submit
questions to the Procurement Officer through the opportunity Q&A section on the Procurement
Portal no later than the date indicated on the solicitation.
2. The Procurement Officer, based on the availability of time to research and communicate, shall
answer questions at their discretion prior to the proposal closing date and time.
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I – Child Access Case Screeners – mdcourts.gov/procurement
Rev. 03/25/2025
Page 13
3. Answers to all substantive questions that are not clearly specific only to one (1) Offeror will be
answered via Addenda and will be furnished to all potential Offerors known to have received the
RFP as posted on the Procurement Portal.
4. The statements and interpretations contained in responses to any questions, whether responded to
verbally or in writing, are not binding on the AOC unless issued in writing as an addendum.
F. PROPOSAL CLOSING DATE & TIME
1. Proposals must be received through the Procurement Portal not later than the date and time indicated
on the solicitation. Offerors shall allow sufficient time to complete the submission process on the
Procurement Portal. Untimely proposals will not be considered.
2. Proposals may be modified or withdrawn by the Offeror through the Procurement Portal any time
before the date and time set forth in the solicitation.
3. Unless specifically requested, proposals not submitted electronically through the Procurement Portal
will not be accepted.
G. ORAL PRESENTATIONS & DISCUSSIONS
1. Offerors may be required to participate in oral presentations. Oral Presentations are considered part
of the Technical Proposal. Material representations made by an Offeror during the oral presentation
shall be submitted in writing. Any such representations will become part of the Offeror’s proposal
and are binding if the Contract is awarded.
2. The AOC may hold discussions with all Offerors judged reasonably susceptible of being selected for
award, or potentially so. However, the AOC also reserves the right to make an award without holding
discussions. With or without discussions, the AOC may determine an Offeror to be not responsible
and/or not reasonably susceptible of being selected for award, at any time after the initial closing
date for receipt of proposals and prior to contract award.
H. INCURRED EXPENSES
The AOC will not be responsible for any costs incurred by an Offeror in preparing and submitting a proposal,
in making an oral presentation, in providing a demonstration, or in performing any other activities relative to
this RFP.
I. ECONOMY OF PREPARATION
Proposals shall be prepared simply and economically providing a straightforward, concise description of the