=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners_chunk_0009
Source File: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners.pdf
Section Title: proposed substitute has qualifications at least equal to those of the Successful Offeror
Section Number: None
Phase: P1
Word Count: 1066
Character Count: 7095
Line Count: 110

=== KEY DATES ===
Due Dates: 03/25/2025, 03/25/2025, 03/25/2025

=== ELIGIBILITY ===
Eligibility Types: None

=== EVALUATION ===
Evaluation Type: Not specified

=== GOVERNMENT REFERENCES ===
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None

=== KEYWORDS ===
Top Keywords: personnel, successful, offeror, contract, manager, substitution, shall, replacement, days, proposed

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
proposed substitute has qualifications at least equal to those of the Successful Offeror
personnel proposed to be replaced.
b. The Successful Offeror shall provide the Contract Manager with a substitution request that
shall include:
(1) A detailed explanation of the reason(s) for the substitution request;
(2) The resume of the proposed substitute, signed by the substituting individual and
his/her formal supervisor;
(3) The official resume of the current personnel for comparison purposes; and
(4) Evidence of any required credentials.
c. The Contract Manager may request additional information concerning the proposed
substitution and may interview the proposed substitute personnel prior to deciding whether
to approve the substitution request.
d. The Contract Manager will notify the Successful Offeror in writing of: (i) the acceptance or
denial, or (ii) contingent or temporary approval for a specified time limit, of the requested
substitution. The Contract Manager will not unreasonably withhold approval of a proposed
Successful Offeror personnel replacement.
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I – Child Access Case Screeners – mdcourts.gov/procurement
Rev. 03/25/2025
Page 10
3. Substitution circumstances
a. Directed Key Personnel Replacement
(1) The Contract Manager may direct the Successful Offeror to replace any Successful
Offeror personnel who, in the sole discretion of the Contract Manager, are perceived
as being unqualified, non-productive, unable to fully perform the job duties,
disruptive, or known, or reasonably believed, to have committed a major
infraction(s) of law, AOC policies, or Contract requirements. In most cases, a
directed personnel replacement will occur only after the following:
i If deemed appropriate, at the discretion of the Contract Manager, written
notice may be given to the Successful Offeror for any Successful Offeror
personnel performance issues, describing the problem and delineating the
remediation requirement(s).
1. The Successful Offeror shall provide a written response to the
remediation requirements in a Remediation Plan within ten (10)
days of the date of the notice and shall immediately implement the
Remediation Plan upon written acceptance by the Contract
Manager.
2. If the Contract Manager rejects the Remediation Plan, the
Successful Offeror shall revise and resubmit the plan to the Contract
Manager within five (5) days, or in the timeframe set forth by the
Contract Manager in writing.
ii If performance issues persist despite an approved Remediation Plan, the
Contract Manager may give written notice of the continuing performance
issues and either request a new Remediation Plan within a specified time
limit or direct the substitution of Successful Offeror personnel whose
performance is at issue with a qualified substitute, including requiring the
immediate removal of the Successful Offeror personnel at issue.
(2) Replacement or substitution of Successful Offeror personnel under this section shall
be in addition to, and not in lieu of, the AOC remedies under the Contract or which
otherwise may be available at law or in equity.
(3) If the Contract Manager determines the need for direct personnel replacement, at
least fifteen (15) days advance notice shall be given to the Successful Offeror, if
possible. However, if the Contract Manager deems it necessary and in the AOC best
interests to remove the Successful Offeror personnel with less than fifteen (15) days’
notice, the Contract Manager may direct the removal in a timeframe of less than
fifteen (15) days, including immediate removal.
(4) In circumstances of directed removal, the Successful Offeror shall, provide a
suitable replacement for approval within fifteen (15) days of the notification of the
need for removal, or the actual removal, whichever occurs first, in accordance with
the provisions of this section.
b. Key Personnel replacement by Successful Offeror
(1) To replace any Key Personnel in a circumstance other than the substitution
provisions and circumstances above, including transfers and promotions, the
Successful Offeror shall submit a substitution request to the Contract Manager at
least fifteen (15) days prior to the intended date of change. A substitution may not
occur unless and until the Contract Manager approves the substitution in writing.
(2) Key Personnel Replacement Due to Sudden Vacancy
i The Successful Offeror shall replace Key Personnel whenever a sudden
vacancy occurs (e.g., Extraordinary Personal Event, death, resignation,
termination). A termination or resignation with thirty (30) days or more
advance notice shall be treated as a replacement under Section I.V.3.b(1).
ii The Successful Offeror shall identify a suitable replacement and provide the
same information and items required under Section I.V.2 within fifteen (15)
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I – Child Access Case Screeners – mdcourts.gov/procurement
Rev. 03/25/2025
Page 11
days of the actual vacancy occurrence or from when the Successful Offeror
first knew or should have known that the vacancy would be occurring,
whichever is earlier.
(3) Key Personnel Replacement Due to an Indeterminate Absence
i If any Key Personnel has been absent from his/her job for a period of ten
(10) days and it is not known or reasonably anticipated that the individual
will be returning to work within the next twenty (20) days to fully resume
all job duties, before the 25th day of continuous absence, the Successful
Offeror shall identify a suitable replacement and provide the same
information and items to the Contract Manager in Section I.V.2.
ii However, if this person is available to return to work and fully perform all
job duties before a replacement has been authorized by the Contract
Manager, the Contract Manager may, at their sole discretion, authorize the
original personnel to continue to work under the Contract, or authorize the
replacement personnel to replace the original personnel, notwithstanding the
original personnel’s ability to return.
4. Substitution within thirty (30) days after Contract execution
a. Within thirty (30) days after Contract execution, the Successful Offeror may not substitute
proposed Key Personnel except under the following circumstances:
(1) Full-time personnel employed directly by the Successful Offeror.
i Vacancy occurs due to the sudden termination, resignation, or approved
leave of absence due to an Extraordinary Personal Event, or the death of
such personnel.
(2) Temporary staff, subcontractors or 1099 contractors.
i Vacancy occurs due to an Incapacitating event or the death of such
personnel.
b. To qualify for such substitution, the Successful Offeror must demonstrate to the AOC
satisfaction the event necessitating substitution.
c. Proposed substitutions shall be of equal caliber or higher, in the AOC sole discretion.
d. Proposed substitutes deemed by the AOC to be less qualified than the originally proposed
individual may be grounds for post-award termination.
END OF SECTION I.
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I – Child Access Case Screeners – mdcourts.gov/procurement
Rev. 03/25/2025
Page 12