=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners_chunk_0007
Source File: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners.pdf
Section Title: 4. Any software used to meet the requirements of this solicitation, on any AOC system, must be
Section Number: None
Phase: P2
Word Count: 697
Character Count: 4580
Line Count: 59

=== KEY DATES ===
Due Dates: 03/25/2025

=== ELIGIBILITY ===
Eligibility Types: None

=== EVALUATION ===
Evaluation Type: Not specified

=== GOVERNMENT REFERENCES ===
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None

=== KEYWORDS ===
Top Keywords: offeror, successful, personnel, security, criminal, contract, must, access, information, software

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
4. Any software used to meet the requirements of this solicitation, on any AOC system, must be
included in the Offeror’s technical proposal. Software must be assessed by JIS and approved by the
JIS Chief Information Officer. At the discretion of JIS, proposed software may be determined to be
a risk to system and information integrity security controls and therefore rejected. If software is to
be used remotely, the Judiciary shall control the method of access to our network via Virtual Private
Network (VPN), firewall configurations, and/or segregating remote machine access within our
environment.
5. Offerors using an As-a-Service (e.g., infrastructure, software, platform, hardware) subservice hosting
provider (e.g., Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform) must submit a
current Service Organization Control (SOC) 2 Type II report, or equivalent (as determined by the
AOC), for the subservice and for the As-a-Service service provider. A SOC 2 Type II report for the
subservice alone does not meet the requirements of this solicitation.
S. ACCESS AND BACKGROUND CHECKS
1. Successful Offeror may be required to submit the following information for AOC engagements for
Successful Offeror personnel, subcontractors, third-party resources, temporary employees, and
training candidates:
a. Full Name.
b. Phone Number.
c. Personal/Private email with no connection to employer.
d. Emergency contact information.
2. Site visits to any AOC location must be coordinated by AOC staff with the designated site personnel
in advance of any visit.
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I – Child Access Case Screeners – mdcourts.gov/procurement
Rev. 03/25/2025
Page 8
3. Any Successful Offeror personnel working at AOC locations, or on AOC systems or projects, or who
have access to AOC or State criminal data or systems, must be approved in writing by the
Procurement Officer prior to beginning work.
4. All Successful Offeror personnel working on AOC premises, property, systems or projects, contracts,
or who have access to AOC or State criminal data or systems, may be required to obtain a Criminal
Justice Information System (CJIS) State and Federal criminal background check prior to beginning
work. The AOC reserves the right to refuse to allow any Successful Offeror personnel to begin work
based upon criminal records.
5. All Successful Offeror personnel assigned to work at AOC locations may be required to obtain an
AOC security identification badge prior to beginning work, and annually thereafter. The Successful
Offeror is responsible for any fees that may be incurred for initial issuance of the badge and for any
replacement.
6. The security identification badge shall always be displayed while on AOC premises. To verify
identity, the Successful Offeror personnel shall be prepared to provide photo identification upon
request by an AOC employee.
7. Successful Offeror personnel are required to immediately notify the Contract Manager, the
Administrative Official of the respective department or office or the Contract Manager, if their
security identification badge is lost or stolen.
8. The Successful Offeror personnel must notify the Contract Manager, the Administrative Official of
the respective department or office, within one (1) business day if any personnel have been arrested,
indicted, served with a criminal summons, named in a peace or protective order, or named as a
defendant in any civil case. The Successful Offeror personnel are also required to provide regular
updated information regarding the status of any of these court actions.
9. The Contract Manager, in conjunction with the Chief of the Office of Security Administration and
the Procurement Officer, may impose restrictive conditions in response to prior criminal convictions,
pending criminal charges, or a violation of AOC procedures, including removal from the contract,
and/or restricted access to AOC locations or systems.
10. In the event of a security incident or suspected security incident, the Successful Offeror personnel
shall immediately notify the Contract Manager.
11. The Successful Offeror personnel shall cooperate fully in all security incident investigations.
12. During the contract, if necessary, for the delivery of goods and services, the Successful Offeror may
be provided an AOC asset in the form of a cell phone, laptop, or other electronic device. All AOC
devices are the property of the AOC and must be returned in working, acceptable condition at the
contract’s conclusion. If said devices are not in working acceptable conditions, Successful Offeror