=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0044
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 5.8. Disaster Recovery/Continuity of Operations:
Section Number: 5.8.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 325
Character Count: 2207
Line Count: 28

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
5.8.1. For solutions developed using staff augmentation from this contract, regardless of
the architecture of the solutions or systems the Contractor supports, , the Contractor
shall be continually ready to invoke a Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery
(“BC-DR”) plan that at a minimum addresses the following scenarios: (i) The central
computer installation and resident software are destroyed or damaged, (ii) System
interruption or failure resulting from network, operating hardware, software, or
operational errors that compromises the integrity of transactions that are active in a
live system at the time of the outage, (iii) System interruption or failure resulting from
network, operating hardware, software or operational errors that compromises the
integrity of data maintained in a live or archival system, (iv) System interruption or
failure resulting from network, operating hardware, software or operational errors
that does not compromise the integrity of transactions or data maintained in a live
or archival system but does prevent access to the system, i.e., causes unscheduled
system unavailability. The BC-DR plan shall account for and be in effect during the
entire period beginning with project kickoff and ending with the end of any turnover
period. If Contractor is fully supporting BC-DR then BC-DR plans must be prior
approved by the County.
5.8.2. Fairfax County operates a contemporary near real-time co-location site for county
applications and data off-site. Any solutions supported must be able to seamlessly
fail-over and be active-active. If components of the supported solutions are a
subscription service hosted by the Offeror or third-party data-center, the contractors
must include provisions and descriptions of its DR site and procedures. Fairfax
County must have direct access to inspect the host and co-location sites.
5.8.3. The Contractor’s Disaster Recovery plan should document the processes necessary
to respond to system disruption or a disaster that would affect the system.
5.8.4. The Contractor’s Disaster Recovery plan shall identify the activities, resources, and
procedures needed to carry out processing requirements for a prolonged period of
time.