=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0035
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: implementation and post implementation maintenance and support, as applicable.
Section Number: None
Section Type: insurance_warranty
Word Count: 567
Character Count: 3893
Line Count: 61

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
This requirement is non-negotiable.
5.4.5. Contractor personnel are subject to monitoring by the County IT Security Office
(ISO), and any person of the Contractor or its subcontractors or representatives that
breach IT Security Policy and/or ethics are automatically removed from the
engagement.
5.4.6. Sensitive and Confidential Information: Sensitive or Confidential information may
not be removed from Fairfax County premises or systems unless the information’s
owner has approved such removal or exposure in advance. This includes, but is not
limited to, various active data services, (REST, WebSocket, GraphQL, etc.) portable
computer hard disks, portable memory devices (including USB drives), tape
cartridges, and paper documents containing sensitive or confidential information.
This paragraph does not apply to authorized off-site backups which are in encrypted
form.
5.4.7. Authorized Tools and Programs: Except as otherwise expressly authorized by
DIT/ISO, users shall not download, install or run security programs or utilities that
reveal weaknesses in the security of a system. For example, Fairfax County users
shall not run password cracking programs, network reconnaissance/discovery
software/applications, key loggers, packet sniffers, network mapping tools, port
scanners or any other non-approved programs while connected in any manner to
the Fairfax County network infrastructure.
5
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
5.4.8. Remote Access: Authorized users accessing the County’s network remotely shall
abide by security policies and procedures to protect the County's equipment, data,
and network access as if they were working on premises.
A. Remote access is a service provided by the County and shall be used for
authorized business purposes only. To this end, management shall approve
every request for remote access.
B. Remote access to the Fairfax County network shall be done using the DIT
provided or supported services that are approved by the Information Security
Office.
C. Agencies or individuals who wish to implement non-standard Remote Access
solutions to the Fairfax County production network shall obtain prior approval
from DIT and the Information Security Office.
D. Secure remote access shall be strictly controlled. Control will be enforced via
remote access authentication using security tokens that provide one-time
password authentication or public/private keys with strong pass-phrases.
Furthermore, users may not share passwords or access devices to permit
others onto the County network.
E. Remote Access control will be enforced via network and system level
auditing. This information will be readily available for monitoring and review
by appropriate personnel.
F. External access to and from information systems shall meet Fairfax County
remote access standards and guidelines.
G. Reconfiguration of a home user’s equipment for the purpose of split-tunneling
or dual homing is not permitted.
H. All hosts that are connected to Fairfax County internal networks via remote
access technologies shall use the most up-to-date anti-virus software.
I. By using remote access technology with personal equipment, users shall
understand that their machines are a de facto extension of Fairfax County’s
network, and as such are subject to the same standards that apply to County-
owned equipment; therefore, their machines shall be configured to comply
with Fairfax County policies and DIT standards for anti-virus software and
patch management.
J. The County monitors its networks and systems for security violations. Users
agree to this monitoring when they use the service.
K. The link shall be encrypted whenever a computer network connection is
established between a County computer and another computer at a location
outside an official Fairfax County office, and whenever this connection
transmits, or is likely to transmit sensitive information.