=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0284
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 67. PROTEST OF AWARD OR DECISION TO AWARD-
Section Number: 67.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 456
Character Count: 2630
Line Count: 21

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
a. Any bidder or offeror may protest the award or decision to award a contract by submitting a protest in writing to the Purchasing
Agent, or an official designated by the County of Fairfax, no later than ten (10) days after the award or the announcement of
the decision to award, whichever occurs first. Any potential bidder or offeror on a contract negotiated on a sole source or
emergency basis who desires to protest the award or decision to award such contract shall submit such protest in the same
manner no later than ten days after posting or publication of the notice of such contract as provided in Article 2, Section 2, of
the Fairfax County Purchasing Resolution. However, if the protest of any actual or potential bidder or offeror depends in
whole or in part upon information contained in public records pertaining to the procurement transaction which are subject to
inspection under Article 2, Section 5.C of the Fairfax County Purchasing Resolution, then the time within which the protest
must be submitted shall expire ten days after those records are available for inspection by such bidder or offeror under Article
2, Section 5.C, or at such later time as provided herein. No protest shall lie for a claim that the selected bidder or offeror is
not a responsible bidder or offeror. The written protest shall include the basis for the protest and the relief sought. The
Purchasing Agent shall issue a decision in writing within ten (10) days of the receipt of the protest stating the reasons for the
action taken. This decision shall be final unless the bidder or offeror appeals within ten (10) days of receipt of the written
decision by instituting legal action as provided in the Code of Virginia. Nothing in this section shall be construed to permit a
bidder to challenge the validity of the terms or conditions of the Invitation for Bid or Request for Proposal.
b. If prior to award it is determined that the decision to award is arbitrary or capricious, then the sole relief shall be a finding to
that effect. The Purchasing Agent shall cancel the proposed award or revise it to comply with the law. If, after an award, it
is determined that an award of a contract was arbitrary or capricious, then the sole relief shall be as hereinafter provided.
Where the award has been made but performance has not begun, the performance of the contract may be declared void by
the County. Where the award has been made and performance has begun, the Purchasing Agent may declare the contract
void upon a finding that this action is in the best interest of the County. Where a contract is declared void, the performing