=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0270
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: a. Cost estimates relating to a proposed procurement transaction prepared by or for a public body shall not be open to public
Section Number: None
Section Type: budget_pricing
Word Count: 399
Character Count: 2595
Line Count: 25

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
inspection.
b. Any competitive sealed bidding bidder, upon request, shall be afforded the opportunity to inspect bid records within a
reasonable time after the opening of all bids but prior to award, except in the event that the County decides not to accept any
of the bids and to reopen the contract. Otherwise, bid records shall be open to public inspection only after award of the
contract. Any competitive negotiation offeror, upon request, shall be afforded the opportunity to inspect proposal records
within a reasonable time after the evaluation and negotiations of proposals are completed but prior to award except in the
event that the County decides not to accept any of the proposals and to reopen the contract. Otherwise, proposal records
shall be open to the public inspection only after award of the contract except as provided in paragraph "c" below. Any
inspection of procurement transaction records under this section shall be subject to reasonable restrictions to ensure the
security and integrity of the records.
c. Trade secrets or proprietary information submitted by a bidder, offeror or Contractor in connection with a procurement
transaction or prequalification application submitted pursuant to the prequalification process identified in the Special
Provisions, shall not be subject to the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; however, the bidder, offeror or Contractor shall (i)
invoke the protections of this section prior to or upon submission of the data or other materials, (ii) identify the data or other
materials to be protected, and (iii) state the reasons why protection is necessary.
d. Nothing contained in this section shall be construed to require the County, when procuring by "competitive negotiation"
(Request for Proposal), to furnish a statement of the reasons why a particular proposal was not deemed to be the most
advantageous to the County.
e. The County cannot maintain as confidential any information, data, or records obtainable through the Virginia Freedom of
Information or similar law. This includes records or information that have not been properly designated as trade secret or
proprietary information pursuant to Va. Code Ann. ยง 2.2-4342(F).
f. A bidder or offeror shall not designate as trade secrets or proprietary information (a) an entire bid, proposal, or prequalification
application; (b) any portion of a bid, proposal, or prequalification application that does not contain trade secrets or proprietary
information; or (c) line item prices or total bid, proposal, or prequalification application prices.
BIDDER/CONTRACTOR REMEDIES