=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners_chunk_0002
Source File: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners.pdf
Section Title: 187 HARRY S. TRUMAN PARKWAY
Section Number: 187
Section Type: general
Word Count: 284
Character Count: 2015
Line Count: 32

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
ANNAPOLIS, MD 21401
REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS (RFP)
FOR
Child Access Case Screeners
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I
To help us improve the quality of the Administrative Office of the Courts solicitations and to make our procurement
process more responsive and business friendly, Offerors may provide comments and suggestions regarding this
solicitation by utilizing the Intent to Bid under the Submission section of the solicitation.
The sole point of contact for this solicitation is the Procurement Officer. Offerors are specifically directed NOT to
contact any other Maryland Judiciary personnel or its contracted consultants for meetings, conferences, or discussions
that are specifically related to this RFP at any time prior to any award and execution of a contract. Unauthorized
contact with any Maryland Judiciary personnel or the Maryland Judiciary’s contracted consultants may be cause for
rejection of the Offeror’s proposal.
Unless otherwise stated in this solicitation, the Maryland Judiciary's Procurement Portal will be the sole method of
communication during all phases of the solicitation and award process. We encourage Offerors to whitelist emails
from the Procurement Portal to ensure relevant emails are not blocked and/or marked as spam. Additionally, Offerors
are strongly encouraged to access the Procurement Portal on a regular basis to view and respond to relevant
communications.
Minority Business Enterprises (MBE) and Veteran-owned Small Business Enterprises (VSBE) are encouraged to
respond to this Request for Proposals.
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I – Child Access Case Screeners – mdcourts.gov/procurement
Rev. 03/25/2025
Page 1
KEY INFORMATION SUMMARY SHEET
Request for Proposals
Child Access Case Screeners
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I
RFP Issue Date: August 4th, 2025
RFP Issuing Office: Procurement, Contract and Grant Administration
Procurement Officer: Karen Hoang
Maryland Judiciary, Administrative Office of the Courts
Department of Procurement, Contract and Grant Administration