Section: Submission Requirements - Related Sections
Type: combined_related
Related Group: submission_requirements
Complete Section: False
Sub-sections: WILL ONLY BE ACCEPTED ELECTRONICALLY VIA THE BONFIRE, Fairfax County Government uses a procurement portal powered by, Bonfire portal in order to download the RFP documents and submit, Fairfax County strongly encourages offerors to submit proposals well in, responsible for the consequences of any failure to plan ahead in the, 3. Cyber Security Support, 6. Radio and Wireless Communications, other payment obligations under any contract awarded pursuant to this Request for Proposal, aspects of information technology solutions and supporting infrastructure that enable county, agencies to deliver services and information to citizens and the community and implement, FCPS has several helpful resources that are available online to assist Offerors in, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, 5. TECHNOLOGY PROFILES AND ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:, augmentation support should comprehensively address all aspects of the related, staffing firms or vendors without demonstrable delivery experience in the IT category, implemented by staff augmentation support must be fully integrated into the core, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, augmentation support in the various domains may be required to review solution, hosted applications and most COTS applications should be able to present through, personnel that have roles in the implementation and management of the solution, provided or supported services that are approved by the Information Security, solutions to the Fairfax County production network shall obtain prior approval, E. Remote Access control will be enforced via network and system level, F. External access to and from information systems shall meet Fairfax County, established between a County computer and another computer at a location, or database table organization at a level of detail that enables report writers to, and all other records of business concerning the software in relation to the agencies, that use any of these elements are required to meet these requirements and any, maintain for County technical documentation and hardware proposals for, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, listed in detail to include make and model required for the full implementation of the, specifications provided by the County within this RFP shall be considered as minimal, procedures needed to carry out processing requirements for a prolonged period of, Qualified offerors are encouraged to submit a proposal to provide IT Staff Augmentation services to, Assurance that the selected staff can be retained for future work orders if the contract is, of staff assigned if Fairfax County decides to reduce the number of IT Contractors need on the, 8. TECHNICAL PROPOSAL INSTRUCTIONS:, The offeror must submit the Technical Proposal for IT Staff Augmentation services as instructed in, 2. Understanding of the Statement of Needs: The Offeror must present a description of, responses should be keyed to appropriate paragraph numbers providing the following, a. Statement and discussion of the requirements as they are analyzed by the offeror., program for executing the requirements of the Statement of Needs and achieving, 3. Treatment of the Issues: In this section, the offeror may also comment if deemed, 1. Organizational Experience: Offeror must describe their qualifications and experience, firms must have existing staff in the respective labor category who would be available, d. Contact information for client references, 2. Personnel: Full-time and part-time staff, proposed consultants and subcontractors, required which will show the specific persons who at this time would compose, The following qualifications and work experience requirements listed below shall, The personnel named in the technical proposal will remain assigned to the project, without submission of a resume of the proposed replacement with final approval being, 6. Exceptions to the RFP: Offerors may take exceptions to the terms, however, some of the, 9. COST PROPOSAL INSTRUCTIONS:, will include all charges that may be incurred in fulfilling the requirements of the contract during, procurement transaction shall not be subject to public disclosure under the Virginia Freedom, provided as a courtesy to assist offerors desiring to protect trade secrets or proprietary, 13. CONTACT FOR CONTRACTUAL MATTERS:, 14. REQUIRED SUBMITTALS:, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, 15. SUBMISSION OF PROPOSAL:, 16. ADDENDA:, 17. PROPOSALS ACCEPTANCE PERIOD:, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, its clients will be evaluated through discussions with Offeror references supplied in Offeror, or more Offerors deemed to be fully qualified and best suited among those submitting proposals, flexibility because of their corporate policy on a particular negotiation item will face a significant, required to furnish a statement of the reasons why a particular proposal was not deemed to be, whether or not such additional insurance requirements are otherwise described or, applicable to the required or any other insurance maintained by the Contractor or its, to the County for the acts and omissions of the subcontractors and of persons employed by the, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, f. The itemized cost for each item/service., 25. OTHER SERVICES:, 27. SAFEGUARDS OF INFORMATION:, 28. ORDER OF PRECEDENCE:, 30. USE OF CONTRACT BY OTHER PUBLIC BODIES:, 32. AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT REQUIREMENTS:, to execute a Fairfax County Business Associate Agreement and must adhere to all relevant, required to include in its bid or proposal the identification number issued to it by the State, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, CONDITIONS AND REQUIREMENTS IN THE GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO, BIDDERS OR THEIR AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES SHOULD INFORM THEMSELVES FULLY AS, CONDITIONS OF BIDDING, a. Bids or proposals received after the date and time specified for receipt in the solicitation will not be considered., GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, c. The official time used for receipt of bids/modifications is the time and date stamp clock located in the Department of, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, The bidder must abide by and comply with the true intent of the specifications and not take advantage of any unintentional error, reject any or all bids and to waive any informality in bids received whenever such rejection or waiver is in the best interest of the, j. Such other information as may be secured by the Purchasing Agent having a bearing on the decision to award the contract., c. General Conditions and Instructions to Bidders, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, CONTRACT PROVISIONS, a. Terminated prior to expiration date by satisfactory deliveries of entire contract requirements, or upon termination by the, delivery to the Contractor of a Notice of Termination specifying the extent to which performance is terminated and the date, a. If, through any cause, the Contractor fails to fulfill in a timely and proper manner its obligations under this contract, or if the, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, effective at the end of the fiscal year for which funds were appropriated and the County will not be obligated to make any payments, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, DELIVERY PROVISIONS, responsible for the materials or supplies covered by the contract until they are delivered at the delivery point designated by the, shall be added to invoices except when express delivery is authorized and substituted on orders for the method specified in the, commercial containers that are constructed to ensure acceptance by common or other carrier for safe transportation to the point, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, f. The Name of the Contractor., c. Protect the County against latent defective material or workmanship and to repair or replace any damages or marring, e. Stipulate that the presence of a County Inspector shall not lessen the obligation of the Contractor for performance in, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, b. Whenever there is reason to believe that a financial benefit of the sort described in paragraph "a" has been or will be, c. In the event the bidder or offeror has knowledge of financial benefits as outlined above, this information should be submitted, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, b. Any competitive sealed bidding bidder, upon request, shall be afforded the opportunity to inspect bid records within a, within a reasonable time after the evaluation and negotiations of proposals are completed but prior to award except in the, c. Trade secrets or proprietary information submitted by a bidder, offeror or Contractor in connection with a procurement, transaction or prequalification application submitted pursuant to the prequalification process identified in the Special, d. Nothing contained in this section shall be construed to require the County, when procuring by "competitive negotiation", e. The County cannot maintain as confidential any information, data, or records obtainable through the Virginia Freedom of, f. A bidder or offeror shall not designate as trade secrets or proprietary information (a) an entire bid, proposal, or prequalification, 1. Conviction for commission of a criminal offense as an incident to obtaining or attempting to obtain a public or private contract, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, c. If, upon appeal, it is determined that the action taken by the Purchasing Agent was arbitrary or capricious, or not in accordance, a. A decision denying withdrawal of a bid submitted by a bidder or offeror shall be final and conclusive unless the bidder appeals, a. Any bidder who, despite being the apparent low bidder, is determined not to be a responsible bidder for a particular County, whole or in part upon information contained in public records pertaining to the procurement transaction which are subject to, must be submitted shall expire ten days after those records are available for inspection by such bidder or offeror under Article, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, b. Contractual claims, whether for money or other relief, shall be submitted in writing no later than sixty days after final payment;, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, a. Effective, interactive control and use of the technology (including the operating system), applications programs, and format, b. the technology equipped for nonvisual access shall be compatible with information technology used by other individuals, e. Compliance with the nonvisual access standards set out this Section is not required if the Board of Supervisors determines
==================================================



--- c. The official time used for receipt of bids/modifications is the time and date stamp clock located in the Department of ---
c. The official time used for receipt of bids/modifications is the time and date stamp clock located in the Department of
Procurement & Material Management. No other clocks, calendars or timepieces are recognized. All bidders must ensure
all bids/modifications are received prior to the scheduled due date/time.
5. WITHDRAWAL OF BIDS- Bids shall be withdrawn only as set forth in the Fairfax County Purchasing Resolution.
6. ERRORS IN BIDS-When an error is made in extending total prices, the unit bid price will govern. Erasures in bids must be
initialed by the bidder. Bidders are cautioned to recheck their bids for possible error. Errors discovered after public opening
cannot be corrected and the bidder will be required to perform if its bid is accepted.
7. LABELING OF BIDS – All bids and proposals submitted in response to a County solicitation must be submitted in a sealed
envelope or package identified with the solicitation number, title, and bidder’s name and address clearly marked on the outside
of the envelope or package.
8. ACCEPTANCE OF BIDS/BINDING 90 DAYS-Unless otherwise specified, all formal bids submitted shall be binding for ninety
(90) calendar days following bid opening date, unless extended by mutual consent of all parties.
9. CONDITIONAL BIDS-Conditional bids may be rejected in whole or in part.
10. BIDS FOR ALL OR PART-The Purchasing Agent reserves the right to make award on all items in the aggregate or on any of
the items on an individual basis, whichever is in the best interest of the County. A bidder may restrict its bid to consideration in
the group aggregate by so stating, but must name a single unit price on each item bid. Any bid in which the bidder names a total
price for all the articles without quoting a unit price for each and every separate item may not be considered for award.
11. AREA BIDS-For the purchase and delivery of certain goods and services the County may be divided into Areas (e.g., Areas I,
II, III, and IV). When such goods and services are included in the Pricing Schedule, bidders may bid on all areas or an individual
area. A map showing the areas of the County will be furnished with the solicitation when required.
12. RECEIPT OF BIDS-Bids received prior to the time of opening will be securely kept, unopened by the County. No responsibility
will attach to the Purchasing Agent or her representative for the premature opening of a bid not properly addressed and identified.
Unless specifically authorized in the solicitation, telegraphic, electronic, or facsimile bids/modifications will not be considered by
the County.
13. BID OPENING-All bids received in response to an Invitation for Bid (IFB) will be opened at the date, time and place specified,
read publicly, and made available for inspection as provided in paragraph 64, General Conditions and Instructions to Bidders.
The Purchasing Agent’s representative assigned to open the bids will decide when the specified time for bid opening has arrived.
Tabulations of bids received are posted on the County’s website at: https://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/procurement/bid-tab.
Proposals received in response to a Request for Proposal (RFP) will be made available as provided in Paragraph 63, General
Conditions and Instructions to Bidders.
14. OMISSIONS & DISCREPANCIES-Any items or parts of any equipment listed in this solicitation that clearly necessary for the
operation and completion of such equipment, but are: (i) not fully described by the County; or (ii) are omitted by the County from
such specification, shall be considered a part of such equipment even if not directly specified or called for in the specifications.
If a bidder finds discrepancies or ambiguities in, or omissions from, the solicitation, including the drawings and/or specifications,
it shall notify the Purchasing Agent at least five (5) days prior to the date set for the opening of bids. If necessary, the Purchasing
Agent will send a written addendum for clarification to all bidders no later than three (3) days before the date set for opening of
bids. Notifications regarding specifications will not be considered if received within five days of the date set for opening of bids.
15. BIDDER INTERESTED IN MORE THAN ONE BID-If more than one bid is offered by a bidder, directly or indirectly, all such bids
may be rejected. A bidder who has quoted prices on work, materials, or supplies to a bidder is not disqualified from quoting
prices to other bidders or firms submitting a bid directly for the work, materials or supplies.
16. TAX EXEMPTION-The County is exempt from the payment of any federal excise or any Virginia sales tax. Fairfax County's
Federal Excise Tax Exemption Number is 54-74-0127K.
17. PROHIBITION AGAINST UNIFORM PRICING-The Purchasing Agent encourages open and competitive bidding by all possible