=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners_chunk_0006
Source File: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners.pdf
Section Title: 1. Before an entity can do business in the State of Maryland, it must be registered with the Department
Section Number: 1.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 464
Character Count: 3102
Line Count: 37

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
1. Before an entity can do business in the State of Maryland, it must be registered with the Department
of Assessments and Taxation (SDAT), 123 Market Place, Baltimore, Maryland 21202. For
registration information, visit: https://www.egov.maryland.gov/businessexpress
2. It is strongly recommended that any potential Offerors complete the registration prior to the closing
date for receipt of proposals. An Offeror’s failure to complete the registration with SDAT may
disqualify an Offeror from final consideration and recommendation for Contract award.
L. FALSE STATEMENTS
Offerors are advised that in connection with a procurement contract, a person may not willfully: Falsify,
conceal, or suppress a material fact by any scheme or device; make a false or fraudulent statement or
representation of a material fact; use a false writing or document that contains a false or fraudulent statement
or entry of a material fact; or, aid or conspire with another person to commit any of the aforementioned acts.
M. PRESS RELEASES
The Successful Offeror shall issue no press release to any publication, including newspapers and social media
outlets, regarding work being conducted under the resulting contract from this RFP, or utilize the Maryland
Judiciary brand mark in any marketing materials, without the express written consent of the AOC.
N. PAYMENTS TO SUCCESSFUL OFFEROR
1. By submitting a response to this solicitation, the Offeror agrees to accept payments by electronic
funds transfer unless the State Comptroller’s Office grants an exemption. The selected Offeror shall
register using the COT/GAD X-10 Vendor Electronic Funds (EFT) Registration Request Form. Any
request for exemption must be submitted to the State Comptroller’s Office for approval at the address
specified on the COT/GAD X-10 form and must include the business identification information as
stated on the form and include the reason for the exemption. The COT/GAC X-10 form can be
downloaded at:
https://www.marylandtaxes.gov/forms/state-accounting/static-files/GADX10Form.pdf
2. Payments to the Successful Offeror shall be made not later than thirty (30) days after the acceptance
of deliverables, and receipt of a proper invoice from the Offeror. Any charges of interest or the like
for late payment are prohibited.
O. NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
All Offerors are advised that if a contract is awarded as a result of this RFP, the Successful Offeror shall be
required to complete a Non-Disclosure Agreement. A sample of this Agreement is included for informational
purposes as Attachment F of this RFP. This signed Agreement must be provided with the Successful Offeror’s
signed Contract.
P. DAMAGE TO STATE AND PERSONAL PROPERTY
1. The Offeror, their employees, subcontractors, and agents shall be held directly responsible to repair,
replace, or restore to its original condition, to the satisfaction of the AOC, curbs, roadway surfaces,
wheel stops, shrubbery, trees, buildings, bollards, gates, light pole, sign poles or any other State-
owned property which is damaged by the actions of the above-mentioned representatives.