=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners_chunk_0007
Source File: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners.pdf
Section Title: 2. The Offeror, their employees, subcontractors, and agents shall be held directly responsible for any
Section Number: 2.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 486
Character Count: 3343
Line Count: 43

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
2. The Offeror, their employees, subcontractors, and agents shall be held directly responsible for any
damage caused by their action or inaction to privately-owned property and shall hold the State of
Maryland harmless for such damages.
Q. OFFEROR SECURITY REQUIREMENTS
1. The Successful Offeror, and all Successful Offeror personnel and subcontractor personnel assigned
to the Contract, must comply with all applicable federal and state laws, regulations, policies, and
AOC policies and procedures for the duration of the contract.
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I – Child Access Case Screeners – mdcourts.gov/procurement
Rev. 03/25/2025
Page 7
2. The Successful Offeror must comply with the Judicial Information Systems (JIS) Information
Security Policy. The Information Security Policy closely aligns with guidelines published by the
National Institute of Standards and Technology. The Information Security Policy is available online
at: http://www.mdcourts.gov/procurement/index.html.
3. The AOC reserves the right to monitor all applicable computer and electronic equipment usage for
compliance with its policies.
R. ACCESS TO AOC INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS
1. The Successful Offeror’s personnel shall complete all required paperwork as directed for access to
any AOC information systems.
2. The Successful Offeror shall ensure the list of authorized Offeror personnel is always maintained
and accurate. The system access rights of Successful Offeror personnel must be updated no later than
twenty-four (24) hours after notification of the change in status; therefore, the Successful Offeror
shall immediately notify the Contract Manager and JIS Information Security of any termination of
Successful Offeror personnel or if any approved Successful Offeror personnel no longer require
access to an AOC system. The AOC security identification badge and all issued AOC assets must be
immediately returned to the Contract Manager.
3. To ensure compliance with the JIS Information Security Policy, the approval, configuration, and
monitoring of secured remote access into AOC systems will be processed by JIS staff. All remote
connections that utilize a shared infrastructure must utilize encryption for transmission of data and
authentication.
4. Any software used to meet the requirements of this solicitation, on any AOC system, must be
included in the Offeror’s technical proposal. Software must be assessed by JIS and approved by the
JIS Chief Information Officer. At the discretion of JIS, proposed software may be determined to be
a risk to system and information integrity security controls and therefore rejected. If software is to
be used remotely, the Judiciary shall control the method of access to our network via Virtual Private
Network (VPN), firewall configurations, and/or segregating remote machine access within our
environment.
5. Offerors using an As-a-Service (e.g., infrastructure, software, platform, hardware) subservice hosting
provider (e.g., Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform) must submit a
current Service Organization Control (SOC) 2 Type II report, or equivalent (as determined by the
AOC), for the subservice and for the As-a-Service service provider. A SOC 2 Type II report for the
subservice alone does not meet the requirements of this solicitation.
S. ACCESS AND BACKGROUND CHECKS