=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners_chunk_0017
Source File: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners.pdf
Section Title: 1. Offeror proposed resource(s) shall perform with flexible working hours, including evenings and
Section Number: 1.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 458
Character Count: 3161
Line Count: 48

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
1. Offeror proposed resource(s) shall perform with flexible working hours, including evenings and
weekends, to accommodate the availability of the parties.
a. The AOC anticipates approximately twenty (20) to forty (40) hours of
screening/administrative work per week.
b. The Offeror proposed resource shall perform Monday through Saturday between the hours
of 8:00AM to 8:00PM EDT.
2. Offeror proposed resource(s) shall be compensated at the proposed hourly rate(s) including
scheduling, interviewing, and reporting services for each case.
a. For billing purposes, hourly rates shall be prorated and rounded up in fifteen (15) minute
intervals.
H. INTERVIEW PROCESS
Shortlisted Offeror proposed resource(s) will be required to complete a panel interview including the
following:
1. The anticipated duration of the interview is one (1) hour.
a. The AOC will conduct the interview(s) via a Microsoft Teams meeting.
(1) The proposed resource(s) must have their camera on for the duration of the
interview.
END OF SECTION III.
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I – Child Access Case Screeners – mdcourts.gov/procurement
Rev. 03/25/2025
Page 19
SECTION IV. PROPOSAL FORMAT
A. PROPOSAL SUBMISSION
1. Offerors shall submit their Technical and Financial Proposal in accordance with the required and
optional submittals as defined in Section IV.B & Section IV.C of this RFP, and the Procurement
Portal. By submitting a response in the Procurement Portal, the submitting individual certifies they
are authorized to bind the Offeror to the requirements of this Solicitation, including all addenda.
2. Offerors proposing more than one (1) resource shall complete their initial submission including the
requested documentation for only one (1) resource. After the initial submission, Offerors shall visit
the solicitation in the Procurement Portal, and select prepare an additional submission. When
completing an additional submission, the Procurement Portal will only request additional
information/documentation unique to the additional resource(s) (e.g., resource name, resume,
references) for each subsequent submission up to the maximum allowable submissions. Failure to
adhere to any of these instructions may result in the proposal(s) being determined to be not
reasonably susceptible of being selected for award.
B. TECHNICAL PROPOSAL
1. Offerors must omit all pricing information from the Technical Proposal, and only include pricing
information in the Financial Proposal.
2. Acknowledgments
a. Exceptions to Terms & Conditions: Offeror shall acknowledge any exceptions to the
requirements of this RFP, the Contract (Attachment A), or any other attachments on the
Procurement Portal. Offerors answering “Yes” shall provide any exceptions as a submittal
in the Technical Proposal. Exceptions to terms and conditions may result in having the
proposal deemed unacceptable or classified as not reasonably susceptible of being selected
for award.
b. Addenda Acknowledgment: Offeror shall acknowledge receipt of any addenda on the
Procurement Portal. Failure to acknowledge addenda may result in your proposal being
found not reasonably susceptible of being selected for award.