=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners_chunk_0018
Source File: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners.pdf
Section Title: c. Insurance Acknowledgment: Offeror shall acknowledge they have reviewed the insurance
Section Number: None
Section Type: insurance_warranty
Word Count: 449
Character Count: 3148
Line Count: 42

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
c. Insurance Acknowledgment: Offeror shall acknowledge they have reviewed the insurance
requirements, as written in Section II of this RFP, on the Procurement Portal. Offerors are
reminded that only the Successful Offeror is required to meet the insurance requirements,
and the Successful Offeror is not required to provide a Certificate of Insurance (COI)
meeting the written insurance requirements until receiving notification from the AOC that
they are the Apparent Awardee. If the Offeror requires additional insurance coverage to meet
the written insurance requirements in this RFP, the Offeror shall ensure that such potential
additional insurance expenses are reflected and included in their Financial Proposal. Failure
to acknowledge insurance requirements may result in your proposal being found not
reasonably susceptible of being selected for award.
d. Attachment O – Resource Acknowledgment: Offerors shall submit an Attachment O –
Resource Acknowledgment for each proposed resource. Failure to submit a completed
Attachment O – Resource Acknowledgment, completed by the proposed resource(s), may
result in your proposal being found not reasonably susceptible of being selected for award.
3. Technical Proposal Contents
a. Transmittal Letter: Prepared on the Offeror’s business stationary and signed by an individual
who is authorized to bind the Offeror to the requirements as stated in this RFP, including all
addenda.
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I – Child Access Case Screeners – mdcourts.gov/procurement
Rev. 03/25/2025
Page 20
b. Claim of Confidentiality: Any information which is claimed to be confidential and/or
proprietary shall be identified by section, subsection (if applicable), and page number. An
explanation for each claim of confidentiality shall be included. The entire Technical Proposal
cannot be given a blanket confidentiality designation.
c. Executive Summary: The Offeror shall condense and highlight the contents of the Technical
Proposal in an executive summary. In accordance with Section II of this RFP, and only as
applicable, the executive summary shall indicate whether the Offeror is the subsidiary of
another entity, and if so, whether all information submitted by the Offeror pertains
exclusively to the Offeror. If not, the subsidiary Offeror shall include a guarantee of
performance from its parent organization as part of its executive summary.
d. Attachment L – Bidder/Offeror Profile: Offeror shall complete Attachment L –
Bidder/Offeror Profile included on the Procurement Portal and enclose with the Technical
Proposal.
e. Offeror Resource(s) Skills, Experience, Capabilities & Qualifications: Offeror shall identify
the skills, experience, capabilities, and qualifications to be utilized under the contract.
Specifically, the Offeror shall:
(1) Describe in detail how the proposed resource(s) skills, experience, capabilities, and
qualifications relate to their specific responsibilities. Offeror’s description shall
establish the proposed resource(s) is/are capable to perform the services requested
in this RFP.
i Offerors shall ensure that the description of the proposed resource(s) skills,