=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners_chunk_0012
Source File: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners.pdf
Section Title: 3. MBE & VSBE subcontractors are encouraged to attend the Pre-proposal Conference to solicit their
Section Number: 3.
Section Type: submission_requirements
Word Count: 511
Character Count: 3308
Line Count: 45

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
3. MBE & VSBE subcontractors are encouraged to attend the Pre-proposal Conference to solicit their
services to potential Offerors.
4. If there is a need for sign language interpretation or other special accommodations due to a disability,
please notify the Procurement Officer at least five (5) business days prior to the Pre-proposal
Conference. The AOC will make a reasonable effort to provide such special accommodations.
E. QUESTIONS
1. Offerors shall direct all communication regarding this RFP to the Procurement Officer. Submit
questions to the Procurement Officer through the opportunity Q&A section on the Procurement
Portal no later than the date indicated on the solicitation.
2. The Procurement Officer, based on the availability of time to research and communicate, shall
answer questions at their discretion prior to the proposal closing date and time.
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I – Child Access Case Screeners – mdcourts.gov/procurement
Rev. 03/25/2025
Page 13
3. Answers to all substantive questions that are not clearly specific only to one (1) Offeror will be
answered via Addenda and will be furnished to all potential Offerors known to have received the
RFP as posted on the Procurement Portal.
4. The statements and interpretations contained in responses to any questions, whether responded to
verbally or in writing, are not binding on the AOC unless issued in writing as an addendum.
F. PROPOSAL CLOSING DATE & TIME
1. Proposals must be received through the Procurement Portal not later than the date and time indicated
on the solicitation. Offerors shall allow sufficient time to complete the submission process on the
Procurement Portal. Untimely proposals will not be considered.
2. Proposals may be modified or withdrawn by the Offeror through the Procurement Portal any time
before the date and time set forth in the solicitation.
3. Unless specifically requested, proposals not submitted electronically through the Procurement Portal
will not be accepted.
G. ORAL PRESENTATIONS & DISCUSSIONS
1. Offerors may be required to participate in oral presentations. Oral Presentations are considered part
of the Technical Proposal. Material representations made by an Offeror during the oral presentation
shall be submitted in writing. Any such representations will become part of the Offeror’s proposal
and are binding if the Contract is awarded.
2. The AOC may hold discussions with all Offerors judged reasonably susceptible of being selected for
award, or potentially so. However, the AOC also reserves the right to make an award without holding
discussions. With or without discussions, the AOC may determine an Offeror to be not responsible
and/or not reasonably susceptible of being selected for award, at any time after the initial closing
date for receipt of proposals and prior to contract award.
H. INCURRED EXPENSES
The AOC will not be responsible for any costs incurred by an Offeror in preparing and submitting a proposal,
in making an oral presentation, in providing a demonstration, or in performing any other activities relative to
this RFP.
I. ECONOMY OF PREPARATION
Proposals shall be prepared simply and economically providing a straightforward, concise description of the
Offeror’s ability to meet the requirements of this RFP.
J. PUBLIC ACCESS TO JUDICIAL RECORDS