=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners_chunk_0004
Source File: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners.pdf
Section Title: Attachment N – Bidder/Offeror Resource Experience
Section Number: None
Section Type: vendor_qualifications
Word Count: 469
Character Count: 3152
Line Count: 42

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
Attachment N – Bidder/Offeror Resource Experience
Attachment O – Resource Acknowledgment
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I – Child Access Case Screeners – mdcourts.gov/procurement
Rev. 03/25/2025
Page 4
SECTION I. GENERAL INFORMATION
A. SUMMARY STATEMENT
The Administrative Office of the Courts (AOC) issues this Request for Proposal (RFP) on behalf of the
Department of Juvenile and Family Services to obtain services to screen child access cases for intimate
partner violence, domestic violence, and/or child abuse to assist courts in determining whether cases are
appropriate for mediation pursuant to Md. Rule 9-205.
B. ABBREVIATIONS AND DEFINITIONS
For this RFP, the following abbreviations or terms have the meanings indicated below:
1. AOC – Administrative Office of the Courts
2. Contract – A formal, written agreement entered into by the Judiciary for the provision of materials,
supplies, and/or services. A Contract sample is attached to this solicitation as Attachment A.
3. Contract Manager – The AOC representative that serves as the technical manager for the resulting
contract. The Contract Manager monitors the daily activities of the contract and provides technical
guidance to the Successful Offeror.
4. Diversity & Outreach Programs – Judiciary Program established to encourage and increase
participation in Judiciary procurement by underrepresented or disadvantaged groups. The Program
includes Minority Business Enterprises (MBE) and Veteran-owned Small Business Enterprises
(VSBE).
5. eMMA – eMaryland Marketplace Advantage online procurement platform used to connect the
supplier community with contracting opportunities from with the state, county, and local government
entities.
6. Extraordinary Personal Event – Leave under the Family Medical Leave Act; an incapacitating injury
or incapacitating illness; or, other circumstances that in the sole discretion of the AOC warrant an
extended leave of absence such as extended jury duty, or extended military services that precludes
the individual from performing their job duties under the contract.
7. Key Personnel – Offeror personnel or subcontractor personnel who are to be assigned to this contract,
as identified in Section IV of this RFP, if the Offeror receives award.
8. Local Time – Time in the Eastern Standard Time Zone.
9. MBE – Minority Business Enterprise means any legal entity, other than a joint venture, organized to
engage in commercial transactions, that is at least 51 percent owned and controlled by one or more
individuals who are in a minority group (African American, Native American, Hispanic, women, or
the physically or mentally disabled) that is socially and economically disadvantaged, and managed
and operated by one or more of the socially and economically disadvantaged individuals who own
it, and is so certified by the Maryland Department of Transportation.
10. Offeror – An entity that submits a proposal in response to this solicitation.
11. Procurement Officer – The AOC representative responsible for this solicitation, for the determination
of contract scope issues, and the only AOC representative who can authorize changes to the contract.