=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners_chunk_0009
Source File: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners.pdf
Section Title: 12. During the contract, if necessary, for the delivery of goods and services, the Successful Offeror may
Section Number: 12.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 578
Character Count: 3686
Line Count: 47

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
12. During the contract, if necessary, for the delivery of goods and services, the Successful Offeror may
be provided an AOC asset in the form of a cell phone, laptop, or other electronic device. All AOC
devices are the property of the AOC and must be returned in working, acceptable condition at the
contract’s conclusion. If said devices are not in working acceptable conditions, Successful Offeror
may be responsible for the cost of said device(s). All devices must be regularly updated as specified
by the manufacturer and JIS and must adhere to all confidentiality guidelines as provided by JIS and
the AOC.
13. If the AOC determines that there is cause for the Successful Offeror’s work to be suspended, the
Successful Offeror shall take the following steps:
a. Immediately cease to represent itself as providing services to the AOC.
b. Deliver to the AOC: (a) a report describing the current state of the Deliverables provided by
the Successful Offeror under this Agreement and any applicable Statements of Work
outstanding as of the date of termination; (b) all AOC Confidential information in its
possession or, at AOC’s option, destroy all such AOC Confidential information; and (c) all
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I – Child Access Case Screeners – mdcourts.gov/procurement
Rev. 03/25/2025
Page 9
work product to the AOC within seven (7) business days as of the date of termination. Work
product includes, but is not limited to, works for hire and materials as described in §29.3.
c. The Successful Offeror is responsible for all AOC assets (including but not limited to,
laptops, tablets, computers, cell phones, other portable electronic devices, accessories, and
peripherals, etc.), that have been provided to the Successful Offeror at the AOC’s cost. All
AOC issued assets are required to be surrendered to the AOC within five (5) business days
of the termination of services. Assets will be subject to evaluation and can include normal
and expected wear and tear but must be functional and operable. Assets that do not meet this
condition may be subject to additional charge to the Successful Offeror. Successful Offeror
shall be liable to the AOC for all assets not surrendered.
T. REQUIRED POLICIES, GUIDELINES, AND METHODOLOGIES
The Offeror shall be required to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, policies, standards and
guidelines affecting information technology projects, which may be created or changed periodically by the
AOC. The Offeror shall adhere to and remain abreast of current, new, and revised laws, regulations, policies,
standards and guidelines affecting project execution. These may include, but are not limited to:
1. A System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology and framework based on best practices and
industry standards, such as the incremental waterfall methodology, and the agile software
development framework.
2. The Administrative Office of the Courts Judicial Information Systems Security Policy.
U. SUBSTITUTION OF KEY PERSONNEL
1. Continuous performance of Key Personnel
a. Key Personnel shall be available to perform Contract requirements as of the Notice to
Proceed Date. Unless explicitly authorized by the Contract Manager or specified in the
Contract, Key Personnel shall be assigned to the AOC as a dedicated resource.
b. Key Personnel shall perform continuously for the duration of the Contract, or such lesser
duration as specified in the Technical Proposal. Key Personnel may not be removed by the
Successful Offeror from working under the Contract without the prior written approval of
the Contract Manager.
c. The provisions of this section apply to Key Personnel identified in any proposal, bid, or
contract.