=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners_chunk_0011
Source File: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners.pdf
Section Title: 4. Substitution within thirty (30) days after Contract execution
Section Number: 4.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 513
Character Count: 3339
Line Count: 49

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
4. Substitution within thirty (30) days after Contract execution
a. Within thirty (30) days after Contract execution, the Successful Offeror may not substitute
proposed Key Personnel except under the following circumstances:
(1) Full-time personnel employed directly by the Successful Offeror.
i Vacancy occurs due to the sudden termination, resignation, or approved
leave of absence due to an Extraordinary Personal Event, or the death of
such personnel.
(2) Temporary staff, subcontractors or 1099 contractors.
i Vacancy occurs due to an Incapacitating event or the death of such
personnel.
b. To qualify for such substitution, the Successful Offeror must demonstrate to the AOC
satisfaction the event necessitating substitution.
c. Proposed substitutions shall be of equal caliber or higher, in the AOC sole discretion.
d. Proposed substitutes deemed by the AOC to be less qualified than the originally proposed
individual may be grounds for post-award termination.
END OF SECTION I.
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I – Child Access Case Screeners – mdcourts.gov/procurement
Rev. 03/25/2025
Page 12
SECTION II. INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS
A. CONTRACT TYPE
The Contract that results from this RFP shall be based on Labor Hour, Not-to-Exceed (NTE).
B. PROCUREMENT METHOD
The Contract resulting from this RFP shall be awarded in accordance with the Request for Proposals (RFP)
process under the Judicial Branch Procurement Policy.
C. AWARD BASIS
A contract shall be awarded to the responsible Offeror(s) submitting the proposal that has been determined
to be the most advantageous to the AOC, considering price and evaluation factors set forth in this RFP, for
providing the goods and/or services as specified in this RFP.
The AOC reserves the right to make additional awards of like resources as awarded within the Offeror pool
during the life of the contract at the proposed labor rates. The AOC reserves the right to roll-off support
resources with thirty (30) days’ notice (e.g., assignments completed prior to contract expiration).
D. PRE-PROPOSAL CONFERENCE
1. A Pre-proposal Conference and site visit (as applicable) may be held on the date and time, and at the
location (i.e., virtual or on-premises) indicated in the project details and important events sections of
the solicitation on the Procurement Portal.
a. If the Pre-Proposal Conference is to be held on-premises, Offerors are encouraged to bring
a copy of this RFP and a business card to help facilitate a more efficient sign-in process. To
ensure adequate seating and other accommodations at the Pre-proposal Conference, please
email the Pre-bid/proposal Conference Response Form (Attachment D) to the attention of
the Procurement Officer no later than one (1) business day prior to the scheduled Pre-
proposal Conference date and time.
b. If the Pre-proposal Conference will be held virtually, Offerors shall register using the
registration link located in the important events section of the solicitation on the Procurement
Portal.
2. Offeror’s attendance at the Pre-proposal Conference is mandatory, in order to facilitate better
preparation of proposals. If the solicitation includes an MBE or VSBE goal, failure to attend the Pre-
proposal Conference will be taken into consideration as part of the evaluation of an Offeror’s good
faith effort if there is a waiver request.