--- Chunk #0 ---
E 0 F H
    X  X

           20     State of Hawaii

    SAMA    N     Hawaii Technology Development Corp.



    LEGAL AD DATE: August 1, 2025

REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS
 No. RFP-26-001-HTDC


        SEALED PROPOSALS
              FOR
    Business Consultant Services
    (various)

        STATE OF HAWAII
DEPARTMENT OF BUSINESS, ECONOMIC
     DEVELOPMENT & TOURISM

    WILL BE RECEIVED BEGINNING 8:00 A.M. (HST) ON

    September 4, 2025  June 30, 2027


    DIRECT QUESTIONS RELATING TO THIS SOLICITATION: SANDI KANEMORI, TELEPHONE (808)

    539-3616 OR E-MAIL contracts@htdc.org, SUBJECT: RFP-26-001-HTDC



                        Trung Lam
                        Procurement Officer

                        Hawaii Technology Development Corporation
    RFP-26-001-HTDC     Name of Company
--- Chunk #1 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS



                                                    Page

SECTION ONE:      INTRODUCTION AND KEY DATES      1

SECTION TWO:      BACKGROUND AND SCOPE OF WORK    3

SECTION THREE:    APPLICATION FORMAT AND CONTENT    7

SECTION FOUR:     EVALUATION CRITERIA
                  AND CONTRACTOR SELECTION          10

SECTION FIVE:     SPECIAL PROVISIONS                11

SECTION SIX:      ATTACHMENTS AND EXHIBITS          19

                  Attachment 1: APPLICANT FORM, AF-1










i    RFP-26-001-HTDC
--- Chunk #2 ---
SECTION ONE
INTRODUCTION AND KEY DATES

    1.01  TERMS AND ACRONYMS USED THROUGHOUT THE SOLICITATION



    Applicant                =     Any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, joint
                                   venture, or representative or agent, submitting an
                                   application in response to this solicitation.
    Application/Proposal     =     These terms may be used interchangeably
    FY                       =     Fiscal Year
    GC                       =     General Conditions, issued by the Department of
                                   the Attorney General
    GET                      =     General Excise Tax
    HAR                      =     Hawaii Administrative Rules
    HRS                      =     Hawaii Revised Statutes
    HTDC                     =     Hawaii Technology Development Corporation
    IH                       =     INNOVATE Hawaii
    MEP                      =     Manufacturing Extension Partnership
    Procurement Officer      =     The contracting officer for the State of Hawaii,
                                   Hawaii Technology Development Corporation
    RFP                      =     Request for Proposals
    SPO                      =     State Procurement Office
    State                    =     State of Hawaii, including each department and
                                   political subdivision
--- Chunk #3 ---
1.02     INTRODUCTION

         The Hawaii Technology Development Corporation (HTDC), an agency of the State of
         Hawaii (State), anticipates the need for business consulting services during Fiscal Year
         2026 and 2027 hereafter referred to as FY26-27, to support its federally funded programs
         that require business consulting services. This solicitation is being made through SPO
         exemption PE 25-086SK (July 25, 2025 – June 30, 2027). This enables HTDC to identify
         and prequalify interested service providers that can then be contracted with to provide
         services for future client projects via HTDC federal programs, as well as to provide
         services directly to the HTDC federally funded program, as specific needs arise.

1.03     CANCELLATION
         The RFP may be cancelled and any or all applications rejected in whole or in part,
         without liability, when it is determined to be in the best interest of the State.

1.04     RFP SCHEDULE AND SIGNIFICANT DATES

         The schedule set out herein represents the State’s best estimate of the schedule that will
         be followed. All times indicated are Hawaii Standard Time (HST). If a component of this
         schedule, such as "Initial Deadline to Submit Applications" date is delayed, the rest of the
         schedule will likely be shifted by the same number of days. The approximate schedule is
         as follows:

          Advertising of Request for Proposals                       August 1, 2025

          Deadline to Submit Written Questions:                      August 13, 2025
           Email: contracts@htdc.org                                 1:00 PM (HST)
           Subject: RFP-26-001-HTDC Q&A

          State’s Response to Written Questions & Posted Addenda     August 19, 2025

          Beginning Date for Submission of Applications              September 4, 2025
           (applications will be open and accepted through the       8:00 AM (HST)
           FY26-27)

          Contract Awards                                            Multiple, TBD

          Expiration of RFP                                          June 30, 2027
                                                                     1:00 PM (HST)










2    RFP-26-001-HTDC
--- Chunk #4 ---
SECTION TWO

                  BACKGROUND AND SCOPE OF WORK

2.01     PROGRAM OVERVIEW AND HISTORY

         Consultants selected may have an opportunity to offer services to HTDC federal programs
         such as (but not limited to):

              a)  INNOVATE Hawaii. The INNOVATE Hawaii program’s mission is to assist
                  local small-to medium-size   manufacturers  to expand and    become         more
                  profitable. The program accomplishes this by a) assessing and strengthening
                  a manufacturer’s business operations using specialized consultants, and b)
                  working directly with pre-vetted service providers on projects with the goal to
                  improve the program and its offerings, thus ensuring the program’s ability to
                  provide such services to support local manufacturers.
              b)  Federal and State Technology (FAST) grant through the Small Business
                  Administration (SBA) to help increase participation in the SBIR and STTR
                  programs.
              c)  Department     of   Energy’s State Manufacturing     Leadership         Program,
                  Manufacturing       & Energy Supply Chain   dba  Energy      Grant,  to help
                  companies support adoption of smart manufacturing technologies.

         To support this, HTDC is seeking qualified applicants to provide a variety of business
         consulting services, such as technical, research and management services, as project
         needs arise requiring specific professional services.

         In FY24-25 there were 23 project contract awards ranging from $5,500 - $187,000. FY26-
         27 needs are anticipated to be similar in frequency, and are not guaranteed or limited to
         past awards.

2.02     PURPOSE OF THE REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL

         HTDC is posting this open solicitation for business consultants who wish to provide
         services to the HTDC’s federal program clientele and/or directly to HTDC’s federal
         program as needs arise. Consultants who are selected may be used on various projects
         throughout FY26-27. This solicitation will provide HTDC with a prequalified provider list
         of business consultants to select from and match to the requirements of individual projects.

         The overall process includes:
          1.  The    submittal of an  application   which includes information regarding      your
              company’s qualifications and fees to allow HTDC to screen the qualifications of
              interested providers.
          2.  Placement of qualified providers on a prequalified provider list.
          3.
--- Chunk #5 ---
The overall process includes:
          1.  The    submittal of an  application   which includes information regarding      your
              company’s qualifications and fees to allow HTDC to screen the qualifications of
              interested providers.
          2.  Placement of qualified providers on a prequalified provider list.
          3.  As projects arise through the FY for clients in need, HTDC to identify prequalified
              providers that are specifically needed.
          4.  An evaluation committee will then select the appropriate service provider for each
              project.
          5.  The selected provider will be contacted to work out project arrangements.

                                               3                        RFP-26-001-HTDC
--- Chunk #6 ---
One of the advantages of developing a prequalified list of service providers is that
         interested contractors go through the application/qualification process only once during
         the fiscal year instead of writing an application for each specific project.

2.03     SCOPE OF WORK

         The selected applicants will provide a variety of business consulting services to clients of
         HTDC federal programs, and at times, directly to the HTDC federal program.  Services
         include, but are not limited to:

         1. Analysis and Research

         Conducting in detail industry analysis, competition analysis, supply chain research, and
         market research.
           a.     Review of existing product(s), comparing similar products in the market, and
                  analyze costs/expenses.
           b.     Review current supply chain vendors and relationships, contracts, servicing
                  fulfillment.
           c.     Review safety,    use of hazardous materials, food handling        as applicable
                  including reports of accidents, workers compensation claims, etc.
           d.     Review the production process for efficiency and effectiveness.
           e.     Review the business and operational process for efficiency and effectiveness,
                  i.e. evaluate the use of technology to streamline the business for efficiency.
           f.     Recommend potential for growth or acceptance within the parameters of cost
                  and profitability.
           g.     Provide written report and presentation of findings and recommendations for
                  improvement.

          2. Strategic Planning and Marketing

          Provide detailed advice and services in the areas of strategic planning, venture
          funding, business and market development and customer communication.

           a.     Review client’s   current business plan   and funding recommendations for
                  entering or expanding the marketplace.    This includes detailed expectation of
                  product volumes.
           b.     Review and provide detailed recommendations for capital needs, sources of
                  finances (including alternate financing options) breaking down costs for goods
                  and services, operations, personnel, and return on investment by appropriate
                  time period.
           c.     Provide recommendations for the startup phases, rollout of product, and
                  tracking over the initial 3-5 year period.
           d.     Develop a marketing strategy and recommend media venues for each type of
                  exposure including a monitoring process. Include costs for each type of
                  marketing media.
           e.     Develop detailed plans for message delivery and customer communication
                  including recommending platforms for delivery and providing implementation
                  assistance. Handle all aspects of public relations.
--- Chunk #7 ---
4    RFP-26-001-HTDC
--- Chunk #8 ---
Startup phases include pre-revenue, revenue, cash flow positive, etc. Examples
 of rollout include prototype, beta, limited production, etc.

      One     example  of  a  strategic       plan may be    a consultant
      recommending a specific site for new product rollout at a specific
      price, with a target projection.        The consultant would come up
      with a plan for the manufacturer to ramp up production over the
      first 3 years.

 3. Commercialization Strategy

 Development of commercialization plans with technical teams.

  a.  Review and/or develop detailed plans for each phase including but not limited
      to roles and responsibilities, measurements for tracking, selection of supply
      chain vendors, contracting needs for delivery, etc.
  b.  Provide and recommend ways to monitor costs, losses and unexpected
      events.

 4. Additional Services

 Provide other essential consulting services that are needed, observed or deemed
 necessary for assisting in the growth or evaluation of the client’s business and/or the
 HTDC federal program, i.e. grant writers, personnel development, organizational
 structure, energy savings consultants,       business and marketing development,
 occupational safety, food consultants, graphic design, product/prototype design and
 development, fashion  and textile manufacturing,      engineering consultants, lean
 manufacturing and similar concepts, etc.

 HTDC will only evaluate one application per company. HTDC realizes that many
 applicants will be proficient in multiple areas, especially in related disciplines
 and with larger teams.       But having an applicant highlight their area of
 specialization is part of the selection process we will use.

      For example, Consultant A exclusively focuses on grant writing.
      They have a strong client list and prepare several grants each
      month. They may be a perfect fit for Manufacturer ABC who needs
      help writing grants.           But they may not be the perfect fit for
      Manufacturer XYZ who needs more generalized help on early
      stage   financing  one  component       of   which   is grant writing.
      Consultant    B,  which lists           specializations including grant
      writing, early stage financing as well of other areas will be on
      the provider list for personnel development services, thus is
      a better fit.

Applicants need not be proficient nor are they expected to be able to provide services in all
the disciplines mentioned above. Qualified applicants will be placed on a provider list with
other providers that provide similar services.
--- Chunk #9 ---
Applicants need not be proficient nor are they expected to be able to provide services in all
the disciplines mentioned above. Qualified applicants will be placed on a provider list with
other providers that provide similar services.

                                   5                           RFP-26-001-HTDC
--- Chunk #10 ---
2.04     TERM OF SOLICITATION

         This solicitation shall be open from the initial Advertising of Request for Proposals
         date through the remainder of FY26 and FY27 .     At the end of the term, it is anticipated
         that a similar solicitation will be issued for FY28 and FY29.     Those applicants that are
         deemed to be qualified providers based on the RFP for FY26-27, including those approved
         and active from earlier fiscal years will only need to provide a letter to confirm their
         continued interest to remain on the provider list and a declaration of no changes to the
         original application or provide an updated application if appropriate.

2.05     TERM OF CONTRACT

         The term for each contract awarded under this solicitation for individual services shall be
         determined at the time of award.

2.06     PROJECT EVALUATION AND IMPACT SURVEY

         For clients who benefit from the INNOVATE Hawaii federal program, as part of a
         nationwide network of Manufacturing Extension Partnership (MEP) centers that receive
         partial federal funding from the U. S. Department of Commerce, National Institute of
         Standards and Technology (NIST), INNOVATE Hawaii has a vested interest in ensuring
         that the partners and clients have meaningful and measurable impacts. INNOVATE
         Hawaii is ultimately evaluated on the impacts it has on partnerships.

         To measure the impacts, an independent third-party survey company shall contact the
         partners and/or clients approximately six (6) months to one (1) year after the completion
         of the project to gauge the partner's and/or client's satisfaction with the project work
         performed by INNOVATE Hawaii. The survey includes questions to quantifiably measure
         the project impact. A copy of the survey is available for review.










6    RFP-26-001-HTDC
--- Chunk #11 ---
SECTION THREE

                        APPLICATION FORMAT AND CONTENT

3.01     INTRODUCTION

         One of the objectives of this RFP is to make application preparation easy and efficient,
         while giving Applicants ample opportunity to highlight their applications.  When an
         Applicant submits  an application, it   shall be considered    a complete statement of
         qualification for accomplishing the tasks described in this RFP and any supplemental tasks
         the Applicant has identified as necessary to successfully complete the obligations outlined
         in this RFP.

         The application shall describe in detail the Applicant’s ability and availability to provide
         services to meet the goals and objectives of this RFP as stated in Section 2.03 SCOPE
         OF WORK.

         Applications must submit their application via an online portal that can be located on our
         HTDC website, and in reference to Business Consultant Services, RFP-26-001-HTDC:
         https://www.htdc.org/resources/procurement-opportunities/

         Information required for online submission will include the following.

         1.     Transmittal  letter/Cover  Letter   (upload): Cover  letter    on official    company
                letterhead to confirm that the Applicant shall comply with the requirements,
                provisions, terms, and conditions specified in this RFP.

         2.     Applicant Form, AF-1 (upload): Name and address of Applicant’s firm and the
                name, mailing address, telephone number, of the person the State should contact
                regarding the application. See Section Six, Attachment 1.

         3.     Hawaii Compliance Express Certificate (upload):                 COMPLIANT status. See
                Section 5.02 and 5.20.

         4.     Application Form Details (online form): Experience, Capabilities, Pricing. See
                Section 3.02.

         5.     Supplemental Information (upload). See Section 3.03.

                i.      Required, Section 3.03(a)
                ii.     Optional, Section 3.03(a)(b)

3.02     EXPERIENCE, CAPABILITIES, AND PRICING

         Complete      the online Business Consultant  Application with   the  following   info. All
         supplemental      information for attachments may    be included   in the Supplemental
         Information section for upload.

         1.    Primary Contact Information:
                a.     Provide primary contact name and title.
--- Chunk #12 ---
All
         supplemental      information for attachments may    be included   in the Supplemental
         Information section for upload.

         1.    Primary Contact Information:
                a.     Provide primary contact name and title.
                b.     Provide mailing address, phone number, fax, and email.
--- Chunk #13 ---
2.           Business Information
             a.       Provide the  full  legal business name  and the      date the business   was
                      established.
             b.       Provide a brief description of the business highlighting the areas of consulting
                      expertise. Clearly specify the areas of specialties or priority market. A specific
                      list of critical expertise (i.e. market research, strategic planning, etc.) is the
                      preferred format. This section will be used to categorize the consultant.
             c.       Provide a complete, relevant, and current client listing. List the most recent and
                      relevant clients in the space provided.  If additional space is required, a list
                      titled “SUPPLEMENTAL CLIENT LIST”
             d.       List key    personnel  and titles.  The associated   resumes  and additional
                      personnel may be provided as attachments and                titled “SUPPLEMENTAL
                      PERSONNEL INFORMATION”.
             e.       Indicate the number of full time and part time employees.
             f.       Provide a list of three (3) references from the Applicant’s client listing that may
                      be   contacted by  the   State as   to the Applicant’s past and current  job
                      performance.   Provide names, titles, organizations, telephone numbers, and
                      email. Additional references and testimonials may be provided as attachments
                      and titled “SUPPLEMENTAL REFERENCES”.
             g.       Provide pricing information in the form of an hourly rate with tax inclusive.  If
                      rates are ‘blended’, itemized rates for specific categories need to be provided.
                      Rates are good for the fiscal year or until an updated application is received.
             h.       Provide estimated annual revenue from the previous fiscal year.
             i.       In the Notes section of the application:

                           Propose   or  indicate  affinity  toward alternate financing or     pricing
                           arrangements. Pricing based on agreed-to Performance Work Plan that
                           may include merit based compensation (ie, bonus for exceeding goals or
                           penalties for unacceptable delays) is desirable.

                           Provide a summary listing of judgments or pending lawsuits or actions
                           against your  firm; adverse    contract  actions, including termination(s),
                           suspension, imposition of penalties, or other actions relating to failure to
                           perform or deficiencies in fulfilling contractual obligations against your firm.
                           If none, so state.
--- Chunk #14 ---
Provide a summary listing of judgments or pending lawsuits or actions
                           against your  firm; adverse    contract  actions, including termination(s),
                           suspension, imposition of penalties, or other actions relating to failure to
                           perform or deficiencies in fulfilling contractual obligations against your firm.
                           If none, so state.

                           List any exceptions taken to the terms, conditions, specifications, or other
                           requirements listed herein. Reference the RFP section where exception is
                           taken, a description of the exception taken, and the proposed alternative,
                           if any.
         3.  Preferences
             a.       Indicate the stage and size of company best suited for Applicant’s consulting
                      services. Check one box for stage and one box for size.
             b.       Indicate the regions of service. Check all boxes that apply.
             c.       Provide any additional requirements.

3.03     SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION

         Include as attachments all other relevant material to be considered:

                   a. Work samples, and/or case studies (REQUIRED).

                                                   8                            RFP-26-001-HTDC
--- Chunk #15 ---
b.     Client List, Personal Information, References (Optional) as Supplemental
       additional attachments.
c.     Additional Material (Optional): Should not be a comprehensive summary of
       the business, but instead should help        the selection committee better
       understand the consultant’s area of specialization and     demonstrate  its
       experience, capabilities, and qualifications.










9    RFP-26-001-HTDC
--- Chunk #16 ---
SECTION FOUR

                                     EVALUATION CRITERIA AND CONTRACTOR SELECTION FOR PROJECTS

               If you are identified as a potential provider for a specific project, the evaluation criteria and the
associated points are listed below.  The award will be made to the responsible Applicant whose
                     application is determined to be the most advantageous to the State based on the evaluation
criteria listed in this section.

                                  The total number of points used to score the application is 100.

 1)     Cost of services [ 30 ]

 2)     Overall Fit for Project [ 35 ]

        a. Consultant’s area of specialization appropriate for project. [ 15 ]
        b. Consultant appropriate for the size of company on the project. [ 10 ]
        c. Demonstrates knowledge and proficiency working in the specific industry
               of the project. [ 10 ]

 3)     Previous experience, capability and proficiency in business consulting. [ 35 ]:

        d.     Overall strength of references and client listings. [ 10 ]
        b.     Number of years (min.3 yrs.), performing services specified in this RFP. [ 5 ]
        c.     Professionalism, knowledge, and capability of company. [ 5 ]
        d.     Sample projects and/or examples of written plans, organizational charts, contact
               trees, etc. [ 5 ]
        e.     Demonstrate ability to provide service to the client on behalf of the HTDC federal
               program, including projects where HTDC is the direct recipient of the service, and
               work as a team with all involved parties. [ 10 ]










10    RFP-26-001-HTDC
--- Chunk #17 ---
SECTION FIVE

                SPECIAL PROVISIONS

5.01     SCOPE

         All resulting contracts shall be in accordance with, and may incorporate, this RFP,
         including the special provisions in this section, the Scope of Work specified herein, and
         the General Conditions (GC), included by reference and available at the HTDC.

5.02     RESPONSIBILITY OF APPLICANT

         Applicant is advised that in order to be awarded a contract under this solicitation, applicant
         will be required to be compliant with all laws governing entities doing business in the State
         including the following chapters and pursuant to HRS §103D-310(c):

         1.    Chapter 237, tax clearance;
         2.    Chapter 383, unemployment insurance;
         3.    Chapter 386, workers’ compensation;
         4.    Chapter 392, temporary disability insurance;
         5.    Chapter 393, prepaid health care; and
         6.    Chapter 103D-310(c), Certificate of Good Standing (COGS) for entities doing business
               in the State.

         Refer to the Section 5.20 Award of Contract for instructions to register for Hawaii Compliance
         Express (HCE) utilized for verification of compliance. Applicants will be required to submit a
         certificate of COMPLIANCE upon online application submission.

5.03     CONTRACT ADMINISTRATOR

         For the purposes of any contracts awarded under this solicitation, Stephanie Yuu-Sato
         contracts@htdc.org, is designated the Contract Administrator.

5.04     OVERVIEW OF THE RFP PROCESS, PREQUALIFICATION TO A VENDOR LIST,
         SELECTION AS CONTRACTOR FOR SPECIFIC PROJECTS AND CONTRACT

         a.     The RFP is issued pursuant to Subchapter 6 of HAR Chapter 3-122, implementing
                HRS Section 103D-303 and Subchapter 14 of HAR Chapter 3-122-116 and
                implementing HRS section 103D-311. This solicitation is a modified version of the
                typical RFP process. It borrows procedures from HRS 103D-304 where the RFP
                is equivalent to the notice for Expressions of Interest (EOI) and the Statements of
                Qualifications (SOQ).
--- Chunk #18 ---
This solicitation is a modified version of the
                typical RFP process. It borrows procedures from HRS 103D-304 where the RFP
                is equivalent to the notice for Expressions of Interest (EOI) and the Statements of
                Qualifications (SOQ).

         b.     The procurement process begins with the issuance of the RFP and the formal
                response to any written questions or inquiries regarding the RFP. Changes to the
                RFP will be made only by written Addendum.

         c.     After the beginning date to submit applications, the Designated Review Committee
                will review the applications to ensure proper format, area of expertise to match
                solicitation requirements, sufficient supporting information provided, and price
                commensurate with experience and qualifications. The function of the Review
                Committee is not to preselect or rank applicants, but to ensure the pool of
--- Chunk #19 ---
applicants are qualified to meet the range of needs for the HTDC federal program
       in need and to ensure that they have provided sufficient supporting information for
       the Selection Committee.

       The Review Committee shall be comprised of a minimum of 3 HTDC employees
       with sufficient education, training, and credentials to evaluate the applications. The
       Review Committee may also        include other    non-HTDC  State employees or
       representatives from the private sector.

       Additional or updated applications will be accepted throughout the term of the
       solicitation and evaluated within 3 weeks of receipt. HTDC will notify applicants
       on their prequalification status after evaluation.

       All applications and other material submitted by Applicants become the property
       of the State and may be returned only at the State’s option.

d.     As specific projects arise, the Selection Committee shall evaluate the applications
       in accordance with the evaluation criteria in Section Four.

       The Selection Committee shall be appointed by the Procurement Officer and
       comprised of a minimum of 3 HTDC employees with sufficient education, training,
       and credentials to evaluate the applications.         The Selection Committee may also
       include other non-HTDC State employees or representatives from the private
       sector.

       The Selection Committee may conduct confidential discussions with any person in
       the qualified pool regarding the services which are required and the service they
       are qualified to provide including estimates of the hours and other costs required
       to complete the specific project;
       -     The Selection Committee shall rank a minimum of 3, and submit the ranking
             to the Procurement Officer with a summary of their qualifications;
       -     The recommendations of the Selection Committee (ranking) shall not be
             overturned without due cause.

e.     The Procurement Officer shall negotiate a contract with the 1st ranked applicant,
       including a rate of compensation that is fair and reasonable, and based on written
       terms of estimated value, scope, and complexity. If a satisfactory contract cannot
       be    negotiated with the 1st ranked applicant,   the Procurement       Officer shall
       terminate negotiations and begin negotiations with the 2nd ranked applicant on the
       list. If contract negotiations fail, then the Procurement Officer shall proceed to
       negotiate with the 3rd ranked applicant.
--- Chunk #20 ---
If a satisfactory contract cannot
       be    negotiated with the 1st ranked applicant,   the Procurement       Officer shall
       terminate negotiations and begin negotiations with the 2nd ranked applicant on the
       list. If contract negotiations fail, then the Procurement Officer shall proceed to
       negotiate with the 3rd ranked applicant.

f.     The   Procurement Officer or  the  Selection   Committee   reserves     the right   to
       determine what is in the best interest of the State for purposes of reviewing and
       evaluating applications submitted in response to the RFP. The Procurement
       Officer or the Selection Committee will conduct a comprehensive, fair and impartial
       evaluation of applications received in response to the RFP.

g.     If the award is equal to or exceeds $2,500 as cited in posting requirements for
       exemptions from HRS chapter 103D, awards will be posted on the SPO website.

                                        12                         RFP-26-001-HTDC
--- Chunk #21 ---
5.05     CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

         If an applicant believes any information, data, or other material submitted contains
         information that should be withheld as confidential, then the Procurement Officer named
         on the cover of this RFP must be so advised in writing and provided with justification to
         support confidentiality claim. Price is not considered confidential and will not be withheld.

         An Applicant shall request in writing nondisclosure of designated trade secrets or
         other proprietary data considered confidential.          Such data shall accompany the
         application, be clearly marked, and shall be readily separable from the application in
         order to facilitate eventual public inspection of the non-confidential portion of the
         application.

         If a request is made to inspect the confidential or proprietary data, the head of the purchasing
         agency or designee shall consult with the Attorney General and make a written determination
         in accordance with HRS Chapter 92F.           If the request for confidentiality is denied, such
         information shall be disclosed as public information, unless the person appeals the denial to
         the Office of Information Practices in accordance with HRS Section 92F-42(1).

5.06     REQUIRED REVIEW

         Applicant  shall carefully review this  solicitation     for defects and questionable         or
         objectionable matter.              Comments and questions concerning defects and questionable or
         objectionable matter must be made in writing and must be received by the HTDC prior
         to the deadline to submit written questions as stated in the RFP Schedule and
         Significant Dates, Section 1.04. This will allow issuance of any necessary corrections
         and/or amendments to the RFP.

5.07     QUESTIONS PRIOR TO OPENING OF APPLICATIONS
         All  questions must   be   submitted in writing and      directed to the HTDC           Contract
         Administrator.           HTDC will respond to written questions by the date indicated in Section
         One, 1.04 RFP Schedule and Significant Dates, or as amended by an addendum to the
         solicitation.

5.08     APPLICATION AS PART OF THE CONTRACT

         This RFP and all or part of the successful application may be incorporated into any future
         contract.

5.09     CONTRACT MODIFICATIONS - UNANTICIPATED AMENDMENTS

         During the course of a contract, the Contractor may be required to perform additional work
         that will be within the general scope of the initial contract.
--- Chunk #22 ---
5.09     CONTRACT MODIFICATIONS - UNANTICIPATED AMENDMENTS

         During the course of a contract, the Contractor may be required to perform additional work
         that will be within the general scope of the initial contract. When additional work is required,
         the Contract Administrator will provide the Contractor a written description of the additional
         work and request the Contractor to submit a firm time schedule for accomplishing the
         additional work and a firm price for the additional work.

         Changes to the contract may be modified only by written document (contract modification)
         signed by the HTDC and Contractor personnel authorized to sign contracts on behalf of the
         Contractor.

                                                 13                           RFP-26-001-HTDC
--- Chunk #23 ---
The Contractor will not commence additional work until a signed contract modification has
         been issued.

5.10     PROTEST

         A protest shall be submitted in writing within five (5) working days after the aggrieved
         person knows or should have known of the facts giving rise thereto; provided that a protest
         based upon the content of the solicitation shall be submitted in writing prior to the
         beginning date set for receipt of applications; and further provided that a protest of an
         award or proposed award shall be submitted within five (5) working days after the posting
         of award of the contract.

         The notice of award, should it meet the posting requirements for exemptions from HRS
         Chapter 103D,    resulting from this solicitation shall be posted on the        Procurement
         Reporting     System,      which  is  available         on   the  SPO    website:
         https://hands.ehawaii.gov/hands/.

         Any protest shall be submitted in writing to the HTDC Procurement Officer, 521 Ala
         Moana Blvd, Suite 255, Honolulu HI 96813. Parties who protest will be offered a
         consultation prior to the formal protest added to the file. Due to the limited size and
         scope of projects, decisions of the Procurement Officer are final.

5.11     DOWNLOADED SOLICITATION

         Applicant is advised that if interested in responding to this solicitation, Applicant may
         download this document. Applicant is responsible for any addenda that may be posted
         with this RFP.

5.12     SUBMISSION OF APPLICATION

         The submission of an application shall constitute an incontrovertible representation by the
         Applicant of compliance with every requirement of the RFP, and that the RFP documents
         are sufficient in scope and detail to indicate and convey reasonable understanding of all
         terms and conditions of the RFP, including the scope of services.

         Before submitting an online application, each Applicant must:

         (1)     Examine the solicitation documents thoroughly.       Solicitation documents include
                 this RFP, any attachments, plans referred to herein, and any other relevant
                 documents;

         (2)     Become familiar with State, local, and federal laws, statutes, ordinances, rules,
                 and regulations that may in any manner affect cost, progress, or performance of
                 the work.
--- Chunk #24 ---
Solicitation documents include
                 this RFP, any attachments, plans referred to herein, and any other relevant
                 documents;

         (2)     Become familiar with State, local, and federal laws, statutes, ordinances, rules,
                 and regulations that may in any manner affect cost, progress, or performance of
                 the work.

5.13     APPLICATION PREPARATION

         a.      APPLICANT FORM, AF-1. See Attachment 1. Application shall be submitted using
                 Applicant’s exact legal name as registered with the Department of Commerce and
                 Consumer Affairs, if applicable; and shall indicate Applicant’s exact legal name in the

                                               14                          RFP-26-001-HTDC
--- Chunk #25 ---
appropriate spaces on Applicant Form, AF-1. Failure to do so may delay proper
                execution of the contract.

                The authorized signature on the first page of the Application Form shall be an
                original signature in ink. If unsigned or the affixed signature is a facsimile or a
                photocopy, the application shall be automatically rejected unless accompanied by
                other material, containing an original signature, indicating the Applicant's intent to
                be bound.
         b.     Offer Guaranty. An offer guaranty is NOT required for this RFP.

         c.     Tax Liability. Work to be performed under this solicitation is a business activity
                taxable under HRS Chapter 237, and if applicable, taxable under HRS Chapter 238.
                Vendors are advised that they are liable for the Hawaii general excise tax (GET) and
                the applicable use tax. If, however, an Applicant is exempt by the HRS from paying
                the GET and not liable for the taxes on the gross receipts derived from this solicitation,
                Applicant shall state its tax exempt status and cite the HRS chapter or section
                allowing the exemption.

         d.     Original Applications to be Submitted. Applicant shall submit one (1) online
                application.

         e.     Costs for developing the Application are solely the responsibility of the Applicant,
                whether or not any award results from this solicitation. The State of Hawaii will not
                reimburse such costs.

f.              All applications become the property of the State of Hawaii.

5.14     SUBMISSION OF APPLICATIONS

         Applications must be electronically submitted via the online portal to HTDC by the
         date and time as cited in Section 1.04,Schedule and Significant Dates, or as amended.

         Online Portal website: https://www.htdc.org/resources/procurement-opportunities/

         If files are too large a file sharing service is acceptable for transmission. Notify RFP
         administrator. Timely receipt of Applications shall be evidenced by an official online
         submission.

         A auto confirmation notice of successful application submission will be provided
         by the system. However It is still the responsibility of the Offeror to ensure that
         their Application has been successfully received by HTDC.

         HTDC will provide an email confirmation to Applicant upon receipt of proposal.
--- Chunk #26 ---
A auto confirmation notice of successful application submission will be provided
         by the system. However It is still the responsibility of the Offeror to ensure that
         their Application has been successfully received by HTDC.

         HTDC will provide an email confirmation to Applicant upon receipt of proposal. If Applicant
         does not receive a confirmation, Applicant may contact the contact person referenced on
         the cover to ensure that the Application was successfully received.






15    RFP-26-001-HTDC
--- Chunk #27 ---
5.15     PRICING

         Pricing shall include labor rates and other fixed assessments, all applicable taxes, except
         the GET, which should be added as a separate line item and shall not exceed the
         current rate, and any other costs incurred to provide the specified services.

         If travel is required to complete the scope of work of the project, travel expenses will be
         negotiated with provider at the time of award.

         The pricing shall be the all-inclusive cost, except the GET, to the State and no other
         costs will be honored.

5.16     CANCELLATION OF RFP AND APPLICATION REJECTION

         The State reserves the right to cancel this RFP and to reject any and all applications in whole
         or in part when it is determined to be in the best interest of the State, pursuant to HAR Section
         3-122-96 through 3-122-97.

         The State shall not be liable for any costs, expenses, loss of profits or damages whatsoever,
         incurred by the Applicant in the event this RFP is cancelled or an application is rejected.

5.17     ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

         The State reserves the right to add terms and conditions during the contract negotiations.
         These terms and conditions will be within the scope of the RFP and will not affect the
         application evaluation.

5.18     CONTRACT EXECUTION

         Successful Applicants placed on the provider list receiving an award shall enter into a
         formal written contract.

         No work shall be undertaken by a Contractor prior to the commencement date set forth in
         the contract. The State of Hawaii is not liable for any work, contract, costs, expenses, loss
         of profits, or any damages whatsoever incurred by the Contractor prior to the official
         starting date.

5.19     PAYMENT

         HRS Section 103-10, provides that the State shall have thirty (30) calendar days after receipt
         of invoice or satisfactory delivery of goods or performance of services to make payment. For
         this reason, the State will reject any application submitted with a condition requiring payment
         within a shorter period. Further, the State will reject any application submitted with a condition
         requiring interest payments greater than that allowed by HRS §103-10, as amended.
--- Chunk #28 ---
For
         this reason, the State will reject any application submitted with a condition requiring payment
         within a shorter period. Further, the State will reject any application submitted with a condition
         requiring interest payments greater than that allowed by HRS §103-10, as amended.

         The State will not recognize any requirement  established by       the Contractor          and
         communicated to the State after award of the contract, which requires payment within a
         shorter period or interest payment not in conformance with statute.




16    RFP-26-001-HTDC
--- Chunk #29 ---
5.20    AWARD OF CONTRACT

         Method of Award. Awards will be made to the responsible Applicant(s) from the
         prequalified list whose application is determined to be the most advantageous to the State
         based on the evaluation criteria set forth in the RFP.

         Responsibility of Applicant.                 Pursuant to HRS Chapter 103D-310(c), the selected
         applicant shall at the time of award be compliant with all laws governing entities doing
         business in the State.           The State will verify compliance on Hawaii Compliance Express
         (HCE).

         Hawaii Compliance Express (HCE). The HCE is an electronic system that allows
         vendors/contractors/service providers doing business with the State to quickly and easily
         demonstrate compliance with applicable laws. It is an online system that replaces the
         necessity of obtaining paper compliance certificates from the Department of Taxation,
         Federal Internal Revenue Service; Department of Labor and Industrial Relations, and
         Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs.

         Applicants should register with (HCE), and receive a COMPLIANT status prior to
         submitting an application at https://vendors.ehawaii.gov. There is a minimal annual
         registration fee and the ‘Certificate of Vendor Compliance’ is required for the execution
         of contract and final payment.

         Timely Registration on HCE.     Applicants are advised to register on HCE soon as
         possible. If an Applicant is not fully compliant on HCE at the time of award, the Applicant
         will not receive the award, and a new Applicant may be selected.

5.21     SUBCONTRACTING

         No work or services shall be subcontracted or assigned without the prior written approval
         of the State. No subcontract shall under any circumstances relieve the Contractor of
         his/her obligations and liability under this contract with the State. All persons engaged in
         performing the work covered by the contract shall be considered employees of the
         Contractor.
--- Chunk #30 ---
No subcontract shall under any circumstances relieve the Contractor of
         his/her obligations and liability under this contract with the State. All persons engaged in
         performing the work covered by the contract shall be considered employees of the
         Contractor.

5.22     NON-DISCRIMINATION

         The Contractor shall   comply   with all applicable   federal and State laws    prohibiting
         discrimination against any person on the grounds of race, color, national origin, religion,
         creed, sex, age, sexual orientation, marital status, handicap, or arrest and court records
         in employment and any condition of employment with the Contractor or in participation in
         the benefits of any program or activity funded in whole or in part by the State.

5.23     CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

         The Applicant represents that neither the Applicant, nor any employee or agent of the
         Applicant, presently has any interest, and promises that no such interest, direct or indirect,
         shall be acquired, that would or might conflict in any manner or degree with the Applicant’s
         performance of a contract awarded under this RFP.



17    RFP-26-001-HTDC
--- Chunk #31 ---
5.24     CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS BY STATE AND COUNTY CONTRACTORS

         It has been determined that funds for contracts awarded under this RFP have been
         appropriated by a legislative body.

         Therefore, Applicant, if awarded a contract in response to this solicitation, agrees to
         comply with HRS Section 11-355, which states that campaign contributions are prohibited
         from a State and county government contractor during the term of the contract if the
         contractor is paid with funds appropriated by a legislative body.

5.25     ADDITIONS, AMENDMENTS AND CLARIFICATIONS

         Approvals. Any contract arising out of this RFP may be subject to the approval of the
         Department of the Attorney General as to form, and is subject to all further approvals,
         including the approval of the Governor, required by statute, regulation, rule, order, or other
         directive.

         Records Retention. The Contractor and any subcontractors shall maintain the books and
         records that relate to the contract and any cost or pricing data for three (3) years from the
         date of final payment under the contract.

         Competency of Applicant. Applicant must be capable of performing the work for which
         applications are being called. Either before or after the deadline for an application, the
         purchasing agency may require Applicant to submit answers to questions regarding
         facilities, equipment, experience, personnel, financial status or any other factors relating
         to the ability of the Applicant to furnish satisfactorily the goods or services being solicited
         by the STATE. Any such inquiries shall be made and replied to in writing; replies shall be
         submitted over the signatures of the person who signs the application. Any Applicant who
         refuses to answer such inquiries will be considered non-responsive.

         Preparation of Application. An Applicant may submit only one application in response
         to this solicitation unless for different kinds of services. If an Applicant submits more than
         one application in response to this solicitation, then all such applications shall be rejected.










18    RFP-26-001-HTDC
--- Chunk #32 ---
SECTION SIX

ATTACHMENTS AND EXHIBITS

    Attachment 1: APPLICANT FORM, AF-1
