=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0018
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 18.10. Proposals which, after discussion and submission of additional clarification and/or
Section Number: 18.10.
Section Type: submission_requirements
Word Count: 499
Character Count: 3273
Line Count: 47

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
18.10. Proposals which, after discussion and submission of additional clarification and/or
supplementary information, are determined to meet the specifications of this RFP will be
classified as "acceptable". Proposals found not to be acceptable will be classified as
"unacceptable" and no further discussion concerning same will be conducted.
18.11. The County may cancel this RFP or reject proposals at any time prior to an award and is not
required to furnish a statement of the reasons why a particular proposal was not deemed to be
the most advantageous.
19. INSURANCE:
19.1. The Contractor is responsible for its work and every part thereof, and for all materials, tools,
equipment, appliances, and property of any and all description used in connection therewith.
The Contractor assumes all risk of direct and indirect damage or injury to the property or
persons used or employed on or in connection with the work contracted for, and of all damage
or injury to any person or property wherever located, resulting from any action, omission,
commission or operation under the contract.
19.2. The Contractor shall, during the continuance of all work under the contract provide the
following:
a. Statutory Workers' Compensation and Employer's Liability insurance in limits of not less
than $1,000,000 to protect the Contractor from any liability or damages for any injuries
(including death and disability) to any and all of its employees, including any and all liability
or damage which may arise by virtue of any statute or law in force within the
Commonwealth of Virginia.
b. Commercial General Liability insurance in the amount of $1,000,000 per occurrence/
$2,000,000 in aggregate, to protect the Contractor, its sub-Contractors, and the interest of
the County, its officers, employees and agents against any and all injuries to third parties,
including bodily injury and personal injury, wherever located, resulting from any action or
operation under the Contract or in connection with the contracted work.
17
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
c. Owned, non-owned, and hired Automobile Liability insurance, in the amount of $1,000,000
per occurrence/aggregate, including property damage, covering all owned, non-owned,
borrowed, leased, or rented vehicles operated by the Contractor. In addition, all mobile
equipment used by the Contractor in connection with the contracted work, will be insured
under either a standard Automobile Liability policy, or a Commercial General Liability
policy.
d. Professional Liability Insurance in the amount of $1,000,000 per claim to cover each
individual professional staff.
19.3. Liability Insurance “Claims Made” basis:
a. If the liability insurance purchased by the Contractor has been issued on a "claims made"
basis, the Contractor must comply with the following additional conditions. The limit of
liability and the extensions to be included as described previously in these provisions,
remain the same.
b. The Contractor must either:
1. Agree to provide certificates of insurance evidencing the above coverage for a period
of two years after final payment for the contract. This certificate shall evidence a
"retroactive date" no later than the beginning of the Contractor's or sub-contractor's
work under this contract, or