=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0019
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 2. Purchase the extended reporting period endorsement for the policy or policies in force
Section Number: 2.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 472
Character Count: 3108
Line Count: 41

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
2. Purchase the extended reporting period endorsement for the policy or policies in force
during the term of this contract and evidence the purchase of this extended reporting
period endorsement by means of a certificate of insurance or a copy of the
endorsement itself.
19.4. Liability insurance may be arranged by a combination of primary and excess or umbrella
policies
19.5. Any deductibles and/or self-insured retentions greater than $50,000 must be disclosed to and
approved by the County’s Risk manager prior to the commencement of services. Use of large
deductibles and/or self-insured retentions will require proof of financial ability as determined by
the County.
19.6. After a period of five-years from Agreement Date, the County may reasonably require higher
limits of insurance or additional insurance coverage against other hazards for which insurance
is reasonably obtainable and which, at the time, are commonly insured against in the case of
similar properties conducting similar activities within the geographic area of the Property,
whether or not such additional insurance requirements are otherwise described or
contemplated herein.
19.7. The Contractor agrees to provide insurance issued by companies admitted within the
Commonwealth of Virginia, with the Best's Key Rating of at least A: VII.
19.8. European markets including those based in London, and the domestic surplus lines markets
that operate on a non-admitted basis are exempt from this requirement provided that the
Contractor's broker can provide financial data to establish that a market is equal to or exceeds
the financial strengths associated with the A.M. Best's rating of A: VII or better.
19.9. The Contractor will provide an original, signed Certificate of Insurance citing the contract
number and such endorsements as prescribed herein and The County of Fairfax, its officers,
employees and agents shall be named as an “additional insured” for all liability policies and it
shall be stated on the Insurance Certificate that this coverage “is primary to all other coverage
the County may possess.”
19.10. The Contractor will secure and maintain all insurance certificates of its subcontractors, which
shall be made available to the County on demand.
18
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
19.11. Contractor waives and must require (by endorsement or otherwise) all its insurers to waive
subrogation rights against the County and other additional insureds for losses paid under the
insurance policies required by this Contract or other insurance applicable to the Contractor or
its subcontractors. The waiver must apply to all deductibles and/or self-insured retentions
applicable to the required or any other insurance maintained by the Contractor or its
subcontractors. Where permitted by law, Contractor must require similar written express
waivers of subrogation and insurance clauses from each of its subcontractors.
19.12. The Contractor will provide on demand certified copies of all insurance policies related to the
contract within ten business days of demand by the County. These certified copies will be sent