=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0004
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: staffing firms or vendors without demonstrable delivery experience in the IT category
Section Number: None
Section Type: vendor_qualifications
Word Count: 436
Character Count: 3206
Line Count: 44

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
staffing firms or vendors without demonstrable delivery experience in the IT category
will be disqualified. The Offeror will be responsible for demonstrating that supplied
staff fully integrate with existing County teams and projects. The County will provide
guidance on the methodology and design required for each support area in each
future work order. Offeror must demonstrate ability to integrate the augmented staff
into existing County processes and workflows. Any solutions developed or
implemented by staff augmentation support must be fully integrated into the core
County software, database and interfaces and seamlessly integrate with county
technologies. Proposals must detail the following; organizational skill sets and
expertise, proposed staffing models, ensure augmented staff can seamlessly
integrate and use existing county frameworks, methodologies, and tools. This
includes a commitment to adhering to the County's security guidelines and best
practices. The Offeror should ensure that the proposal includes, examples of
relevant case studies, past work or projects in government settings, and a clear plan
for onboarding and integrating these staff members within the County’s existing IT
organization. Proposals must demonstrate offerors ability to provide staff that can
meet one or more of the supported areas and show competencies in the core
technologies used by the county. Information about Fairfax County IT Projects,
Standards, environments and platforms can be found in the Information Technology
Plan, https://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/informationtechnology/it-plan.
5.1.2. Fairfax County IT Management Overview – The Department of Information
Technology (DIT) is the County’s central IT agency that establishes standards and
architecture for information and communication systems for all County agencies.
DIT provides leadership, process, governance, resources, and expertise in
deploying information technology, and provides technology infrastructure, and
designs, develops, implements and maintains enterprise-wide and agencies’
specific applications. The Director of DIT is also the County's Chief Information
Officer and has authority for strategic leadership for technology investments, and
direction in deployment of technology county-wide, and oversees implementation of
policy and IT projects. DIT has a Project Management Office that works with all
agencies’ Project Managers (PM) in reviewing project plans for performance and
scope, and approving project expenditures. DIT assigns a technical PM who is
responsible for working with project System Integrators (SI) and staff augmentation
support on the technical implementation processes.
3
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
5.1.3. The County prefers solutions use industry standards out-of-the-box, including
contemporary best practices for solution architecture, configurability, integration,
user access and data security; be available 24x7x365; are scalable and meet
reasonable performance requirements; and allow for appropriate maintenance
windows.
5.1.4. Any solutions custom built by an SI, then DIT will specify the standard for the build
and the underlying infrastructure which contractors must adhere to.