=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0038
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 64. INELIGIBILITY-
Section Number: 64.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 502
Character Count: 3069
Line Count: 34

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
64. INELIGIBILITY-
a. Any person or firm suspended or debarred from participation in County procurement shall be notified in writing by the
Purchasing Agent.
1. The Notice of Suspension shall state the reasons for the actions taken and such decision shall be final unless the person or
firm appeals within ten (10) days of receipt of the Notice by instituting legal action as provided in the Code of Virginia.
2. The Notice of Debarment shall state the reasons for the actions taken and the decision shall be final unless the person or
firm appeals within ten (10) days of receipt of the Notice by instituting legal action as provided in the Code of Virginia.
b. The Purchasing Agent shall have the authority to suspend or debar a person or firm from bidding on any contract for the
causes stated below:
1. Conviction for commission of a criminal offense as an incident to obtaining or attempting to obtain a public or private contract
or subcontract, or in the performance of such contract or subcontract;
2. Conviction under state or federal statutes of embezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsification or destruction of records,
receiving stolen property, or any other offense indicating a lack of business integrity or business honesty which currently,
seriously, and directly affects responsibility as a County Contractor;
3. Conviction under the state or federal antitrust statutes arising out of the submission of bids or proposals;
4. Violation of contract provisions, as set forth below, of a character which is regarded by the Purchasing Agent to be so serious
as to justify suspension or debarment action:
a. failure without good cause to perform in accordance with the specifications or within the time limit provided in the
contract; or
b. a recent record of failure to perform or of unsatisfactory performance in accordance with the terms of one or more
32
RFP 2000004198
Appendix A
GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS
contracts; provided, that failure to perform or unsatisfactory performance caused by acts beyond the control of the
Contractor shall not be considered to be a basis for suspension or debarment;
5. Any other cause the Purchasing Agent determines to be so serious and compelling as to affect responsibility as a Contractor,
such as debarment by another governmental entity for any cause listed herein, or because of prior reprimands;
6. The contractor has abandoned performance, been terminated for default on a Fairfax County project, or has taken any actions
that inure to the detriment of Fairfax County or a Fairfax County project ;
7. The Contractor is in default on any surety bond or written guarantee on which Fairfax County is an obligee.
c. If, upon appeal, it is determined that the action taken by the Purchasing Agent was arbitrary or capricious, or not in accordance
with the Constitution of Virginia, statutes or regulations, the sole relief available to the person or firm shall be restoration of
eligibility. The person or firm may not institute legal action until all statutory requirements have been met.