=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0029
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 26. INSPECTION-ACCEPTANCE- Acceptance shall occur only after receipt and inspection provided such inspection, as
Section Number: 26.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 589
Character Count: 3827
Line Count: 37

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
26. INSPECTION-ACCEPTANCE- Acceptance shall occur only after receipt and inspection provided such inspection, as
appropriate, is accomplished within a reasonable time. The County reserves the right to conduct any test/inspection it may deem
advisable to assure goods and services conform to the specifications.
27. DEFINITE BID QUANTITIES-Where definite quantities are specifically stated, acceptance will bind the County to order quantities
specified and to pay for, at contract prices, all such supplies or services delivered that meet specifications and conditions of the
contract. However, the County will not be required to accept delivery of any balances unordered, as of the contract expiration
date, unless the Contractor furnished the Purchasing Agent with a statement of unordered balances not later than ten (10) days
after the termination date of the contract.
28. REQUIREMENT BID QUANTITIES-On "Requirement" bids, acceptance will bind the County to pay for, at unit bid prices, only
quantities ordered and delivered. Where the County specifies estimated quantities, the Contractor shall not be required to deliver
more than ten (10) percent in excess of the estimated quantity of each item, unless otherwise agreed upon.
CONTRACT PROVISIONS
29. TERMINATION OF CONTRACTS-Contracts will remain in force for (i) the full period specified or (ii) until all articles ordered
before date of termination, but arriving after the termination date, are satisfactorily delivered, accepted, and any further
requirements and conditions are met, unless the Contract is:
a. Terminated prior to expiration date by satisfactory deliveries of entire contract requirements, or upon termination by the
County for Convenience or Cause.
b. Extended upon written authorization of the Purchasing Agent and accepted by Contractor, to permit ordering of unordered
balances or additional quantities at contract prices and in accordance with contract terms.
30. TERMINATION FOR CONVENIENCE-
a. A contract may be terminated in whole or in part by the County in accordance with this clause whenever the Purchasing
Agent determines that such a termination is in the best interest of the County. Any such termination will be effected by
delivery to the Contractor of a Notice of Termination specifying the extent to which performance is terminated and the date
upon which termination becomes effective.
b. An equitable adjustment in the contract price shall be made by the Purchasing Agent for completed service, but no amount
shall be allowed for anticipated profit on unperformed services. Paragraph 30.b shall survive termination of the contract.
31. TERMINATION OF CONTRACT FOR CAUSE-
a. If, through any cause, the Contractor fails to fulfill in a timely and proper manner its obligations under this contract, or if the
Contractor violates any of the covenants, agreements, or stipulations of this contract, the County has the right to terminate
the contract. Any such termination will be effected by delivery to the Contractor of a Notice of Termination specifying the
extent to which performance is terminated and the date upon which termination becomes effective. In such event, all finished
or unfinished documents, data, studies, surveys, drawings, maps, models, and reports prepared by the Contractor under the
contract shall, at the option of the County, become the County’s property and the Contractor shall be entitled to receive just
and equitable compensation for any satisfactory work completed on such documents.
b. Termination of the Contract for Cause does not relieve the Contractor of liability to the County for damages sustained by the
County by virtue of any breach of contract by the Contractor for the purpose of set off until such time as the exact amount of
damages due to the County from the Contractor is determined.