=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0010
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 6.6. Working hours for IT Staff Augmentation: The Offerors’ staff are expected to perform their
Section Number: 6.6.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 521
Character Count: 3362
Line Count: 48

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
6.6. Working hours for IT Staff Augmentation: The Offerors’ staff are expected to perform their
assigned duties during the County’s normal hours of 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., Monday through
Friday, with a 30-minute lunch break:
A. The Offeror is required to follow the FCG and/or FCPS Holiday calendar and inclement
weather policies as applicable or directed by authorized FCG or FCPS personnel.
Holiday calendars are published annually or may be obtained from FCG or FCPS
authorized personnel. The hours that do not work are not billable to the County.
B. The County may need the offeror to be on call where the Offeror’s staff may be required
to participate in the on-call rotation. The rotation intervals vary per assignment.
C. The Offeror(s) shall supply time sheets for their staff/consultants. The Offeror’s staff or
consultants shall not work simultaneously on work for other customers while working
at Fairfax County.
6.7. The Offeror shall describe what document is provided to their clients when providing IT Staff
Augmentation. Provide a sample or samples of the documents presented to the offeror’s clients
(i.e. scope of work (SOW), quote, proposal, etc.).
9
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
6.8. The Offeror shall describe how their company ensures staff stays up to date with technology
and their program to maintain IT certification, demonstrating continued involvement in the
industry and commitment to developing skills and knowledge, and participating in activities to
keep the offeror up to date on changes in the profession, such as policy, technology, and
tradecraft.
7. COUNTY’S RESPONSIBILITIES:
7.1. For IT Staff Augmentation the County will either specify in its request or give the firm fifteen
(15) calendar days’ notice when a specific engagement under this contract(s) is to be
terminated and the professional(s) are no longer needed.
7.2. IT Staff Augmentation: The County should provide the equipment required for tasks to be
performed; unless otherwise specified when a task is issued, typically a Windows device and
printer access via a shared network, network access, and a Contractor e-mail account. The
County should provide necessary work supplies, workspace, and access to a communication
device for Fairfax County and FCPS purposes. Consultants should use their company or
personal equipment for access to his/her company access needs. Any communications and
data done on the County network is the property of Fairfax County.
7.3. The County reserves the right to approve and dismiss Contractor Staff.
8. TECHNICAL PROPOSAL INSTRUCTIONS:
The offeror must submit the Technical Proposal for IT Staff Augmentation services as instructed in
Bonfire (Euna) containing the following information, in searchable, PDF format. This information will be
considered the minimum content of the proposal. Proposal contents shall be arranged in the same
order and identified with headings as presented herein.
8.1. Minimum Pre-Qualifications:
• Attachment I (signed and completed)
• Documentation reflects firm having been in business for a minimum of 5 years
• Attachment D (signed and completed)
• Attachment E (signed and completed)
• Attachment F, G, H (signed and completed)
• Resumes or Bios verification of employees in working titles for a Labor Category
listed in Exhibit A (ref. Special Provisions, paragraph 2.5.) (example Labor