=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0013
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 3. Staffing Plan: The staffing plan should indicate a chart that partitions the time
Section Number: 3.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 470
Character Count: 3220
Line Count: 49

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
3. Staffing Plan: The staffing plan should indicate a chart that partitions the time
commitment of each professional staff member across the proposed tasks and a
timeline for the engagements. It is mandatory that this section identifies the key
personnel who are to work on the contract, their relationship to the Offeror
organization, This requirement includes Consultants as well as regular employees of
the offeror, if relevant.
a. The County will only accept Offeror personnel who have significant, relevant
experience with the offeror’s systems and can show a successful track record at
locations of similar size and complexity as Fairfax County.
b. Support personnel proposed must have the necessary level of training and
experience with the application suite to ensure that the County is receiving
expert-level support. The Offeror must provide the County with a listing of all
certificates, training courses and other relevant evidence to document the level
of expertise of proposed support personnel.
12
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
c. Offeror shall describe its processes for assigning staff to specific projects, along
with the credentials of the staff members. Offeror should include how it will
involve the County to ensure projects are staffed to be successful.
The Contractor will provide a staffing plan in response to the County Tasks orders,
Scope of Work (“SOW”), request, etc. describing the Contractor’s proposed staff
distribution to accomplish this work.
4. Financial Statements: The Offeror shall provide an income statement and balance
sheet from the most recent reporting period.
5. References: The Offeror will provide a reference for at least three (3) clients. Special
notation must be made of similar staff augmentation assignments relevant solutions
created, or duties performed and must also include the following: reference
names/Jurisdiction, summary service description, reference address, operational contact
name, operational contact phone number, company project manager, company project
manager phone number, technical contact name, technical contact phone number, and
date(s) of engagement “from” and “to”. The contacts listed must have direct knowledge of
the work and the Offeror performance (ref. Attachment II).
6. Exceptions to the RFP: Offerors may take exceptions to the terms, however, some of the
terms may not be negotiable (ref. Attachment B).
8.4. Fairfax County Forms:
• Attachment A1, Offeror Data Sheet
• Attachment A2, Virginia State Corporation Commission Registration Information
• Attachment A3, Request for Protection of Trade Secrets or Proprietary Information
Pursuant to Article 2, Section 5.C.3 of the Purchasing Resolution and Va. Code Ann.
§ 2.2-4342(F)
• Attachment A4, Business, Professional and Occupational License
• Attachment A5, Certification Regarding Debarment or Suspension
• Attachment A6, Certification Regarding Ethics in Public Contracting
• Attachment A7, Fairfax County’s Business Classification Schedule
• Attachment B, Affirmation of Legally Required Contract Terms
• Attachment C, Fairfax County Project Proposal Matrix for Meeting Information
Technology Security Policy Requirements (sample)
• All issued Addenda (as applicable).