=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0041
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 71. COOPERATIVE PURCHASING-The County or any entity identified in the Fairfax County Purchasing Resolution, Article 1,
Section Number: 71.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 534
Character Count: 3528
Line Count: 33

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
71. COOPERATIVE PURCHASING-The County or any entity identified in the Fairfax County Purchasing Resolution, Article 1,
Section 3 may participate in, sponsor, conduct or administer a cooperative procurement agreement as set forth in the Fairfax
County Purchasing Resolution.
72. DRUG FREE WORKPLACE-During the performance of a contract, the Contractor agrees to (i) provide a drug-free workplace
for the Contractor's employees; (ii) post in conspicuous places, available to employees and applicants for employment, a
statement notifying employees that the unlawful manufacture, sale, distribution, dispensation, possession, or use of a controlled
substance or marijuana is prohibited in the Contractor's workplace and specifying the actions that will be taken against employees
for violations of such prohibition; (iii) state in all solicitations or advertisements for employees placed by or on behalf of the
Contractor that the Contractor maintains a drug-free workplace; and (iv) include the provisions of the foregoing clauses in every
subcontract of over $10,000, so that the provisions will be binding upon each subcontractor or vendor. For the purposes of this
section, "drug-free workplace" means a site for the performance of work done in conjunction with a specific contract awarded to
a Contractor in accordance with this section, the employees of whom are prohibited from engaging in the unlawful manufacture,
sale, distribution, dispensation, possession or use of any controlled substance or marijuana during the performance of the
contract.
73. IMMIGRATION REFORM AND CONTROL ACT-Contractor agrees that it does not, and shall not during the performance of the
contract for goods and services in the Commonwealth, knowingly employ an unauthorized alien as defined in the Federal
Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986.
74. AUDIT OF RECORDS The parties agree that the County or its agent must have reasonable access to and the right to examine
any records of the contractor involving transactions related to the contract or compliance with any clauses thereunder, for a
period of three (3) years after final payment. The contractor shall include these same provisions in all related subcontracts. For
purposes of this clause, the term “records” includes documents, and papers regardless of whether they are in written form,
electronic form, or any other form.
75. PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION: Contractor will comply with all applicable laws regarding safeguarding and
protection of personally identifiable information made available through this Contract. Contractor must report to the County all
breaches that result in exposure of the County’s data or other incidents compromising the security of the County’s data. For
purposes of this section “County data” means data that the Contractor accesses, stores, or hosts pursuant to this Contract and
includes “personal information” defined by Virginia Code § 18.2-186.6 or “medical information” defined by Virginia Code § 32.1-
127.1:05. Such reports must be made to the County immediately upon discovery of the breach and no later than three days from
when Contractor discovered the breach. The requirements of this paragraph are in addition to and do not relieve Contractor of
its obligation to comply with any requirements imposed by law regarding data breaches. If any notices to individuals or third
parties are required by applicable law due to a data breach, the parties will cooperate to ensure that such notice is timely provided.
34
RFP 2000004198