=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0016
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 15.5. Unnecessarily elaborate brochures of other presentations beyond that sufficient to present a
Section Number: 15.5.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 478
Character Count: 3058
Line Count: 42

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
15.5. Unnecessarily elaborate brochures of other presentations beyond that sufficient to present a
complete and effective proposal is not desired.
15.6. By executing the cover sheet (DPMM32), Offeror acknowledges that they have read this
Request for Proposal, understand it, and agree to be bound by its terms and conditions.
16. ADDENDA:
16.1. Offerors are reminded that changes to the proposal, in the form of addenda, are often issued
between the issue date and within three (3) days before the due date. All addenda shall be
signed and submitted as instructed on the addenda.
16.2. The last day to submit questions to be addressed in the addendum will be addressed in Bonfire
(Euna) under “Questions Due Date.” All questions pertaining to this RFP shall be submitted to
dpmmteam1@fairfaxcounty.gov. Questions submitted in Bonfire (Euna) will not be
considered, therefore, please make sure to send your questions to the e-mail address
above.
16.3. Notice of addenda will be posted on eVA and Bonfire (Euna). It is the Offeror’s responsibility to
monitor the web page for the most current addenda at https://fairfaxcounty.bonfirehub.com.
15
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
17. PROPOSALS ACCEPTANCE PERIOD:
17.1. Any proposal submitted in response to this solicitation shall be valid for 365 days. At the end
of the days the proposal may be withdrawn at the written request of the offeror. If the proposal
is not withdrawn at that time it remains in effect until an award is made or the solicitation is
canceled.
18. BASIS FOR AWARD:
18.1. This RFP is being utilized for competitive negotiation. Under the competitive negotiation
process, a contract may be awarded to the responsible offeror whose proposal is determined
to be the most advantageous to the County, taking into consideration price and the evaluation
factors set forth in the RFP. The County reserves the right to make multiple awards as a result
of this solicitation.
18.2. Separate Selection Advisory Committees (“SACs”) have been established for each labor
category relevant to this procurement. Each SAC will review and evaluate proposals submitted
for its assigned labor category. If an Offeror submits proposals covering multiple labor
categories, each corresponding SAC will evaluate the portion of the proposal related to its
category. Each SAC will conduct a preliminary evaluation of the proposals assigned to it, based
on the information provided and the established evaluation criteria. After this review, the cost
proposals of the highest-rated Offeror(s) within each labor category will be evaluated.
18.3. No Offeror, including any of their representatives, subcontractors, affiliates and interested
parties, shall contact any member of a SAC or any person involved in the evaluation of the
proposals. SAC members will refer any and all calls related to this procurement to the
procurement official named in 13.1. above. Failure to comply with this directive may, at the sole
discretion of the County, result in the disqualification of an Offeror from the procurement
process.