=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0022
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 24. ACCESS TO AND INSPECTION OF WORK:
Section Number: 24.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 454
Character Count: 3079
Line Count: 41

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
24. ACCESS TO AND INSPECTION OF WORK:
24.1. The Fairfax County Procurement Agent, Chief Technical Officer, departments, or their
respective authorized designees will, at all times, have access to the work being performed
under this contract wherever it may be in progress or preparation.
25. OTHER SERVICES:
25.1. The Contractor must establish formal evaluation and quality control procedures to monitor each
facet of the final contract. The evaluation and quality control procedures must provide sufficient
information to allow the County's administrators to monitor the program's progress and
effectiveness. The County's administrators will use the quality control report to evaluate the
effectiveness of the program on an annual basis. The Contractor will submit the quality control
report to the Contract Administrator identified in the final contract not later than January 1 of
each contract year.
26. DATA SOURCES:
26.1. The County will provide the Contractor all available data possessed by the County that relates
to this contract. However, the Contractor is responsible for all costs for acquiring other data or
processing, analyzing, or evaluating County data.
27. SAFEGUARDS OF INFORMATION:
27.1. Unless approved in writing by the County Procurement Agent, the Contractor may not sell or
give to any individual or organization any information, reports, or other materials given to,
prepared, or assembled by the Contractor under the final contract.
28. ORDER OF PRECEDENCE:
28.1. In the event of conflict, the Acceptance Agreement (provided at contract award) and the Special
Provisions shall take precedence over the General Conditions and Instructions to Bidders,
(Appendix A).
29. SUBCONTRACTING:
29.1. If one or more subcontractors are required, the contractor is encouraged to utilize small,
minority-owned, and women-owned business enterprises. For assistance in finding
subcontractors, contact the Virginia Department of Small Business and Supplier Diversity
https://www.sbsd.virginia.gov; local chambers of commerce and other business organizations.
by Fairfax County, as a small, minority-owned, and/or woman-owned business, and the type
and dollar value of the subcontracted goods/services provided.
30. USE OF CONTRACT BY OTHER PUBLIC BODIES:
30.1. Reference Paragraph 71, General Conditions and Instructions to Bidders, Cooperative
Procurement. Offerors are advised that the resultant contract(s) may be extended, with the
authorization of the Offeror, to other public bodies, or public agencies or institutions of the
United States to permit their use of the contract at the same prices and/or discounts and terms
of the resulting contract. If any other public body decides to use the final contract, the
Contractor(s) must deal directly with that public body concerning the placement of orders,
issuance of purchase orders, contractual disputes, invoicing, and payment. The County of
Fairfax acts only as the "Contracting Agent" for these public bodies. Failure to extend a contract
to any public body will have no effect on consideration of your offer.