=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0017
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 18.4. The County Purchasing Agent may arrange for discussions with firms submitting proposals, if
Section Number: 18.4.
Section Type: submission_requirements
Word Count: 500
Character Count: 3411
Line Count: 45

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
18.4. The County Purchasing Agent may arrange for discussions with firms submitting proposals, if
required, for the purpose of obtaining additional information or clarification.
18.5. Offerors are advised that, in the event of receipt of an adequate number of proposals, which,
in the opinion of the County Purchasing Agent, require no clarifications and/or supplementary
information, such proposals may be evaluated without further discussion. Consequently,
offerors should provide complete, thorough proposals with the offeror’s most favorable terms.
Should proposals require additional clarification and/or supplementary information, offerors
should submit such additional material in a timely manner.
18.6. Proposal Evaluation Criteria:
The following factors will be considered in the award of this contract(s):
IT Staff Augmentation (out of 100 points):
• Qualification of firm with appropriately qualified and experienced personnel (Special
Provisions, Section 8.3. sub-section 4., Statement of Qualifications) (40 points)
• Technical approach and compliance with Special Provisions, Section 6.1., Statement of
Need (ref. Special Provisions, Section 8.3. sub-section 2, Understanding of the Statement
of Needs) (30 points)
• Reasonableness of Cost Proposal(s) (ref. Special Provision, Section 9.1. sub-section a.)
(30 points)
16
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
18.7. Reference Checks: The County may contact references provided with the proposal. The
Offeror’s ability to meet the service requirements of its customers, and its responsiveness to
its clients will be evaluated through discussions with Offeror references supplied in Offeror
Qualifications and supplemental discovery work, as necessary. Research will target areas
concerning offeror history, such as implementation success, cost overruns, project support and
post implementation support, and may include inquiries concerning the product, such as
stability, flexibility, and usability.
Note: The County may contact any other site that may have experience with the Offeror’s
products.
18.8. Each SAC will then conduct a final evaluation of the proposals. Selection shall be made of two
or more Offerors deemed to be fully qualified and best suited among those submitting proposals
to the labor categories, on the basis of the factors involved in the RFP, including price if so
stated in the RFP. Negotiations shall then be conducted with each of the Offerors so selected.
The County will consider all cost and business terms to be negotiable and will not be artificially
constrained by an Offeror's internal corporate policies. In short, Offerors that contend they lack
flexibility because of their corporate policy on a particular negotiation item will face a significant
disadvantage and may not be elevated to the final negotiation phase. After negotiations have
been conducted with each offeror so selected, the County shall select the Offeror which, in its
opinion, has made the best proposal, and shall award the contract to that Offeror.
18.9. Should the County determine in writing and in its sole discretion that only one Offeror is fully
qualified, or that one Offeror is clearly more highly qualified than the others under consideration,
a contract may be negotiated and awarded to that offeror. Each SAC will make appropriate
recommendations to the County Purchasing Agent, if appropriate, prior to the actual award of
contract.