=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0007
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 5.5. Ownership of and Access to Data, Source Code:
Section Number: 5.5.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 486
Character Count: 3147
Line Count: 45

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
5.5. Ownership of and Access to Data, Source Code:
5.5.1. All County data is and must remain the sole property of the County. Therefore, all
tools and capabilities native to the Offeror’s solution should be available to the
County to allow for full access to that data. All tables, layouts, queries, stored
procedures, XML schema and other content developed to support the operation of
a database and/or County applications in the Fairfax environment become the
property of the County, and shall be available to the appropriate County personnel
as needed and upon request.
6
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
5.5.2. Source code shall revert to the County if the Contractor files for bankruptcy or
protection from creditors in a court of law. The County shall have full rights to use
source code for any purposes other than resale. The same applies if the Contractor
is merged or acquired and the software is no longer supported. Software source
code will be updated to reflect the most current version of the software source code
materials including all adjustments and configuration made for Fairfax County.
5.5.3. Once contract is awarded, Contractor must provide documentation about schemas
or database table organization at a level of detail that enables report writers to
navigate and extract all information necessary to produce ad hoc reports.
5.5.4. All source code developed under a given task order must remain the sole property
of the County. Contractor may request permission to re-use portions of the code
written by their staff, however, this request must be made in writing to the Fairfax
County Department of Procurement and Material Management for review and
approval.
5.5.5. The above is not meant to include proprietary programs, tools or other intellectual
property. However, such claim to proprietary content cannot intrude on the County’s
right to access its data without undue interference or additional cost.
5.5.6. Data owned by Fairfax County may not be used by the Contractor for any purposes
without the express written consent of the appropriate County representative. Data
covered under specific federal, state and local privacy laws are confidential. Any
breach of privacy is cause for termination of contract.
5.5.7. Data Access (Off-Premise): If the solution is hosted outside the County’s network
the County requires 24/7 access to all data and all communications, transactions,
and all other records of business concerning the software in relation to the agencies
that utilize and/or access HCSIS.
5.6. Standard County Data:
5.6.1. Certain elements are standardized in format and content to enable enterprise-wide
data usability, coordination of services, analysis, and public safety. New systems
that use any of these elements are required to meet these requirements and any
deviation from the standard must be documented and approved by the CTO.
5.7. Infrastructure Requirements:
5.7.1. Contractors supporting solutions implemented and hosted at the County, must
ensure all infrastructure needs are specified and approved. Contractors must
maintain for County technical documentation and hardware proposals for