=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0039
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 65. APPEAL OF DENIAL OF WITHDRAWAL OF BID-
Section Number: 65.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 886
Character Count: 5152
Line Count: 44

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
65. APPEAL OF DENIAL OF WITHDRAWAL OF BID-
a. A decision denying withdrawal of a bid submitted by a bidder or offeror shall be final and conclusive unless the bidder appeals
the decision within ten (10) days after receipt of the decision by instituting legal action as provided in the Code of Virginia.
The bidder or offeror may not institute legal action until all statutory requirements have been met.
b. If no bid bond was posted, a bidder refused withdrawal of bid under the provisions of Article 2, Section 5.A.8, of the Fairfax
County Purchasing Resolution, prior to appealing, shall deliver to the County a certified check or cash bond in the amount of
the difference between the bid sought to be withdrawn and the next low bid. Such security shall be released only upon a
final determination that the bidder was entitled to withdraw the bid.
c. If, upon appeal, it is determined that the decision refusing withdrawal of the bid was not an honest exercise of discretion, but
rather was arbitrary or capricious or not in accordance with the Constitution of Virginia, applicable state law or regulation, or
the terms or conditions of the Invitation to Bid, the sole relief shall be withdrawal of the bid.
66. APPEAL OF DETERMINATION OF NONRESPONSIBILITY-
a. Any bidder who, despite being the apparent low bidder, is determined not to be a responsible bidder for a particular County
contract shall be notified in writing by the Purchasing Agent. Such notice shall state the basis for the determination, which
shall be final unless the bidder appeals the decision within ten (10) days of receipt of the notice by instituting legal action as
provided in the Code of Virginia. The bidder may not institute legal action until all statutory requirements have been met.
b. If, upon appeal, it is determined that the decision of the Purchasing Agent was arbitrary or capricious and the award for the
particular County contract in question has not been made, the sole relief available to the bidder shall be a finding that the
bidder is a responsible bidder for the County contract in question. Where the award has been made and performance has
begun, the County may declare the contract void upon a finding that this action is in the best interest of the public. Where a
contract is declared void, the performing Contractor shall be compensated for the cost of performance up to the time of
such declaration. In no event shall the performing Contractor be entitled to lost profits.
67. PROTEST OF AWARD OR DECISION TO AWARD-
a. Any bidder or offeror may protest the award or decision to award a contract by submitting a protest in writing to the Purchasing
Agent, or an official designated by the County of Fairfax, no later than ten (10) days after the award or the announcement of
the decision to award, whichever occurs first. Any potential bidder or offeror on a contract negotiated on a sole source or
emergency basis who desires to protest the award or decision to award such contract shall submit such protest in the same
manner no later than ten days after posting or publication of the notice of such contract as provided in Article 2, Section 2, of
the Fairfax County Purchasing Resolution. However, if the protest of any actual or potential bidder or offeror depends in
whole or in part upon information contained in public records pertaining to the procurement transaction which are subject to
inspection under Article 2, Section 5.C of the Fairfax County Purchasing Resolution, then the time within which the protest
must be submitted shall expire ten days after those records are available for inspection by such bidder or offeror under Article
2, Section 5.C, or at such later time as provided herein. No protest shall lie for a claim that the selected bidder or offeror is
not a responsible bidder or offeror. The written protest shall include the basis for the protest and the relief sought. The
Purchasing Agent shall issue a decision in writing within ten (10) days of the receipt of the protest stating the reasons for the
action taken. This decision shall be final unless the bidder or offeror appeals within ten (10) days of receipt of the written
decision by instituting legal action as provided in the Code of Virginia. Nothing in this section shall be construed to permit a
bidder to challenge the validity of the terms or conditions of the Invitation for Bid or Request for Proposal.
b. If prior to award it is determined that the decision to award is arbitrary or capricious, then the sole relief shall be a finding to
that effect. The Purchasing Agent shall cancel the proposed award or revise it to comply with the law. If, after an award, it
is determined that an award of a contract was arbitrary or capricious, then the sole relief shall be as hereinafter provided.
Where the award has been made but performance has not begun, the performance of the contract may be declared void by
the County. Where the award has been made and performance has begun, the Purchasing Agent may declare the contract
void upon a finding that this action is in the best interest of the County. Where a contract is declared void, the performing