=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0021
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: f. The itemized cost for each item/service.
Section Number: None
Section Type: budget_pricing
Word Count: 494
Character Count: 3065
Line Count: 39

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
f. The itemized cost for each item/service.
Describe ability to customize invoices/billing based on Fairfax County requirements; give
examples.
21.3. The Contractor will provide each County department a monthly and year-to-date utilization
report which lists all information shown above in paragraph 21.2, a-f. The Contractor will mail
the invoices and the utilization reports to the addresses identified in the final contract.
22. CHANGES:
22.1. Fairfax County may, at any time, by written order, require changes in the services to be
performed by the Contractor. If such changes cause an increase or decrease in the Contractors
cost of, or time required for, performance of any services under this contract, an equitable
adjustment shall be made, and the contract shall be modified in writing accordingly. The County
Procurement Agent must approve all work that is beyond the scope of this RFP.
22.2. No services for which an additional cost or fee will be charged by the Contractor shall be
furnished without the prior written authorization of the Fairfax County Procurement Agent.
23. DELAYS AND SUSPENSIONS:
23.1. The County may direct the Contractor, in writing, to suspend, delay, or interrupt all or any part
of the work of this contract for the period of time deemed appropriate for the convenience of
the County. The County will extend the Contractor's time of completion by a period of time that
in the discretion of the County Purchasing Agent is reasonably suited for completion of work.
The County may further amend the contract by mutual agreement for any increase in the cost
of performance of the contract (excluding profit) resulting solely from the delay or suspension
of the contract. No adjustment shall be made under this clause for any delay or interruption
resulting from any other cause, including the fault or negligence of the Contractor.
23.2. If the County does not direct the Contractor, in writing, to suspend, delay, or interrupt the
contract, the Contractor must give the County Purchasing Agent written notice if Fairfax County
fails to provide data or services that are required for contract completion by the Contractor.
The County may extend the Contractor's time of completion by a period of time that in the
discretion of the County Purchasing Agent is reasonably suited for completion of work. The
County may further amend the contract by mutual agreement for any increase in the cost of
performance of the contract (excluding profit) resulting solely from the delay or suspension of
the contract. No adjustment shall be made under this clause for any delay or interruption
resulting from any other cause, including the fault or negligence of the Contractor.
23.3. The Contractor shall continue its work on other phases of the project or contract, if in the sole
discretion of the County Purchasing Agent such work is not impacted by the County’s delay,
suspension, or interruption. All changes to the work plan or project milestones shall be reflected
in writing as a contract amendment.
20
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS