=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0036
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: by the Contractor’s products, software, services, or deliverables. Contractor must indemnify the County for any loss,
Section Number: None
Section Type: deliverables_timeline
Word Count: 703
Character Count: 4465
Line Count: 39

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
by the Contractor’s products, software, services, or deliverables. Contractor must indemnify the County for any loss,
damage, expense or liability, including costs and reasonable attorney’s fees that may result by reason of any such claim.
In the event of a claim covered by this subparagraph, and in addition to all other obligations of Contractor in this Paragraph
58, Contractor must at its expense and within a reasonable time: (a) obtain a right for the County to continue using such
products and software, or allow Contractor to continue performing the Services; (b) modify such products, software, services
or deliverables to make them non-infringing; or (c) replace such products or software with a non-infringing equivalent. If, in
the Contractor’s reasonable opinion, none of the foregoing options is feasible Contractor must immediately notify the County
and accept the return of the products, software, services, or deliverables, along with any other components rendered
unusable as a result of the infringement or claimed infringement, and refund to the County the price paid to Contractor for
such components as well as any pre-paid fees for the allegedly infringing services, including license, subscription fees, or
both. Nothing in Paragraph 59, however, relieves the Contractor of liability to the County for damages sustained by the
County by virtue of any breach of contract related to a third-party infringement claim.
c. Right to Participate in Defense. The County may, at its sole expense, participate in the defense or resolution of a
Claim. Contractor will have primary control of the defense and resolution of the Claim, except when such defense or
resolution requires the County to (i) admit liability or wrongdoing; or (ii) to pay money. In either of these cases Contractor
must obtain the County’s prior written consent before raising such defense or entering into such resolution.
d. No Indemnification by the County. The parties agree that under applicable law the County cannot indemnify or
defend the Contractor. To the extent any promise or term contained in this Contract, including any exhibits,
attachments, or other documents incorporated by reference therein, includes an indemnification or obligation to
defend by the County, that promise or term is stricken from this Contract and of no effect.
59. OFFICIALS NOT TO BENEFIT-
a. Each bidder, offeror, or contractor shall certify, upon signing a bid, proposal, or contract, that to the best of their knowledge
no Fairfax County official or employee having official responsibility for the procurement transaction, or member of their
immediate family, has received or will receive any financial benefit of more than nominal or minimal value relating to the
award of this contract. For purposes of this Paragraph, “financial benefit” means any payment, loan, subscription, advance,
deposit of money, services personal use rebates or anything of more than nominal or minimal value, present or promised,
unless consideration of substantially equal or greater value is exchanged. If a financial benefit has been received or will be
received, this fact must be disclosed with the bid or proposal or as soon thereafter as it appears that a financial benefit will
be received. Failure to disclose the information prescribed above may result in suspension or debarment, or rescission of
the contract made, or could affect payment pursuant to the terms of the contract.
b. Whenever there is reason to believe that a financial benefit of the sort described in paragraph "a" has been or will be
received in connection with a bid, proposal or contract, and that the Contractor has failed to disclose such benefit or has
inadequately disclosed it, the County Executive, as a prerequisite to payment pursuant to the contract, or at any other time,
may require the Contractor to furnish, under oath, answers to any interrogatories related to such possible benefit.
c. In the event the bidder or offeror has knowledge of financial benefits as outlined above, this information should be submitted
with the bid or proposal. If the above does not apply at time of award of contract and becomes known after inception of a
contract, the bidder or offeror must disclose such facts to the Fairfax County Purchasing Agent, 12000 Government Center
Parkway, Suite 427, Fairfax, Virginia 22035-0013. Relevant Invitation/Request for Proposal Number (see cover sheet)
should be referenced in the disclosure.