=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0020
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: to the County from the Contractor's insurance agent or representative.
Section Number: None
Section Type: insurance_warranty
Word Count: 512
Character Count: 3341
Line Count: 48

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
to the County from the Contractor's insurance agent or representative.
19.13. No change, cancellation, or non-renewal shall be made in any insurance coverage without a
30-day written notice to the County. The Contractor shall furnish a new certificate prior to any
change or cancellation date. The failure of the Contractor to deliver a new and valid certificate
will result in suspension of all payments until the new certificate is furnished.
19.14. Compliance by the Contractor and all subcontractors with the foregoing requirements as to
carrying insurance shall not relieve the Contractor and all subcontractors of their liabilities
provisions of the contract.
19.15. Nothing contained in the specifications shall be construed as creating any contractual
relationship between any subcontractor and the County. The Contractor is as fully responsible
to the County for the acts and omissions of the subcontractors and of persons employed by the
Contractor as it is for acts and omissions of person directly employed by Contractor.
19.16. Precaution shall be exercised at all times for the protection of persons (including employees)
and property.
19.17. The Contractor and all subcontractors are to comply with applicable federal, state, and local
occupational safety and health requirements, including, but not limited to, the Occupational
Safety and Health Act of 1970, Public Law 91-596, as it may apply to this contract.
20. METHOD OF ORDERING:
20.1. The County may use two (2) different methods of placing orders from the final contract:
Purchase Orders (PO’s) and approved County procurement cards.
20.2. A Purchase Order (PO) may be issued to the contractor on behalf of the County agency
ordering the items/services covered under this contract. The purchase order indicates that
sufficient funds have been obligated as required by Title 15.2-1238 of the Code of the
Commonwealth of Virginia.
20.3. Procurement Card orders and payments may also be made by the use of a Fairfax County or
Fairfax County Public Schools “Procurement” Card. The Procurement Card is currently a
Master Card. Contractors are encouraged to accept this method of receiving orders.
20.4. Regardless of the method of ordering used, solely the contract and any modification determine
performance time and dates.
20.5. Performance under this contract is not to begin until receipt of the purchase order, Procurement
Card order, or other notification to proceed by the County Purchasing Agent and/or County
agency to proceed. Purchase requisitions shall not be used for placing orders.
21. REPORTS AND INVOICING:
21.1. The Contractor must maintain all records in compliance with federal and state regulations. The
Contractor(s) must submit to the Project Manager, monthly statistical reports and an annual
tabulated report.
19
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
21.2. If multiple departments are involved, the Contractor must invoice each Project Manager
separately. Invoices for all users of the contract must meet County requirements, unless
otherwise indicated. The Contractor must send the Project Manager(s) an itemized monthly
invoice (or as agreed to between the parties), which must include the information listed below:
a. Project Milestone;
b. Project Phase and task;
c. Contract number and PO Number;
d. Date of services;
e. The type of services; and,