=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0032
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: Appendix A
Section Number: None
Section Type: general
Word Count: 475
Character Count: 3069
Line Count: 29

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
Appendix A
GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS
The Contractor shall submit its invoice at such reduced prices indicating on the invoice that the reduction is pursuant to the "Price
Reduction" provision of the contract documents. The Contractor will also within ten days of any general price reduction notify
the Purchasing Agent of such reduction by letter. FAILURE TO DO SO MAY RESULT IN TERMINATION OF THE CONTRACT.
41. CHANGES-If in the Purchasing Agent’s opinion, it becomes proper or necessary in the execution of this contract to make any
change in design, or to make any alterations that will increase the expense, the Purchasing Agent shall determine an equitable
adjustment to the Contractor’s compensation.
No payment shall be made to the Contractor for any extra material or services, or of any greater amount of money than stipulated
to be paid in the contract, unless some changes in or additions to the contract requiring additional outlay by the Contractor are
first expressly authorized and ordered in writing by contract amendment or otherwise furnished by the Purchasing Agent.
42. PLACING OF ORDERS-Orders against contracts will be placed with the Contractor by Purchase Order or Procurement Card (P-
Card) executed and released by the Purchasing Agent or their designee. When a Blanket Purchase Order has been released
by the Purchasing Agent, telephonic orders may be placed directly with the Contractor by authorized personnel in the ordering
Agency.
DELIVERY PROVISIONS
43. SHIPPING INSTRUCTIONS - CONSIGNMENT-Unless otherwise specified in the solicitation each case, container, package,
etc., delivered under the contract must be plainly marked, stating the Contractor's name, purchase order number, and delivery
address as indicated in the order. Deliveries must be made within the hours of 8:00 AM - 3:00 PM. Deliveries at any other time
will not be accepted unless specific arrangements have been previously made with the receiver at the delivery point. No
deliveries will be accepted on Saturdays, Sundays and holidays, unless previous arrangements have been made. It shall be the
responsibility of the Contractor to insure compliance with these instructions for items that are drop-shipped.
44. RESPONSIBILITY FOR MATERIALS OR GOODS TENDERED-Unless otherwise specified in the solicitation, the Contractor is
responsible for the materials or supplies covered by the contract until they are delivered at the delivery point designated by the
County. The Contractor bears all risk of loss on rejected materials or supplies after notice of rejection. Rejected materials or
supplies must be removed by and at the expense of the Contractor promptly after notification of rejection, unless public health
and safety require immediate destruction or other disposal of rejected delivery. If rejected materials are not removed by the
Contractor within ten (10) days after date of notification, the County may return the rejected materials or supplies to the Contractor
at its risk and expense or dispose of them as the County’s own property.