=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0011
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: Category: Infrastructure Technical Support, need to provide 20 resumes or bios
Section Number: None
Section Type: technical_requirements
Word Count: 449
Character Count: 3097
Line Count: 44

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
Category: Infrastructure Technical Support, need to provide 20 resumes or bios
for employees in each working title listed.)
8.2. DPMM Cover Sheet (DPMM32) signed
8.3. Technical Proposal:
1. Cover Letter: The letter will indicate the principal or officer of the Offeror organization who
will be the County's primary point of contact during negotiations. This individual must have
the authority to negotiate all aspects of the scope of services and provisions on behalf of
the Offeror.
10
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
2. Understanding of the Statement of Needs: The Offeror must present a description of
their understanding of the needs of this solicitation. The technical narrative should address
separately each of the “Statement of Needs” described in the Request for Proposal and
responses should be keyed to appropriate paragraph numbers providing the following
information below:
a. Statement and discussion of the requirements as they are analyzed by the offeror.
b. Offeror's proposed technical approaches and a detailed outline of the proposed
program for executing the requirements of the Statement of Needs and achieving
project objectives.
c. Preliminary layouts, sketches, diagrams, other graphic representations,
calculations, and other data as may be necessary for presentation, substantiation,
justification, or understanding of the Statement of Needs as applicable.
d. Offeror should demonstrate an awareness of potential difficulties in the completion
of this undertaking, and a plan for surmounting them. Special attention should be
given to methodological issues that will be encountered in such a project.
e. The offeror should include detailed descriptions of activities that are to occur,
significant milestones, and anticipated deliverables as applicable.
3. Treatment of the Issues: In this section, the offeror may also comment if deemed
appropriate, on any aspect of the Request for Proposal, including suggestions on possible
alternative approaches to the coverage, definition, development, and organization of the
issues presented in the “Statement of Need” section, and may propose alternative
approaches.
4. Statement of Qualifications: The Statement of Qualifications must include the following:
1. Organizational Experience: Offeror must describe their qualifications and experience
to perform the work described in this RFP. Responding firms should have direct
relevant experience in the respective category/field for at least five (5) years from the
date of this RFP. Proposals will only be accepted from organizations that have directly
provided staff augmentation services for at least three (3) years within the last five (5)
years for federal, state, or local governments. Submissions from general staffing firms
or vendors without demonstrable delivery experience will be disqualified. Responding
firms must have existing staff in the respective labor category who would be available
to fulfill Fairfax County needs. Information about experience should include direct
experience with specific subject matters. The Offeror’s record should reflect from the