=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0037
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 60. LICENSE REQUIREMENT-All firms doing business in Fairfax County, shall obtain a license as required by Chapter 4, Article 7,
Section Number: 60.
Section Type: technical_requirements
Word Count: 823
Character Count: 5389
Line Count: 52

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
60. LICENSE REQUIREMENT-All firms doing business in Fairfax County, shall obtain a license as required by Chapter 4, Article 7,
of The Code of the County of Fairfax, Virginia, as amended, entitled "Business, Professional and Occupational Licensing (BPOL)
Tax." Questions concerning the BPOL Tax should be directed to the Department of Tax Administration, telephone (703)
222-8234 or visit: https://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/taxes/business/understanding-bpol-tax.. The BPOL Tax number must be
indicated in the space provided on the Cover Sheet, "Fairfax License Tax No." when appropriate.
61. AUTHORIZATION TO CONDUCT BUSINESS IN THE COMMONWEALTH: A contractor organized as a stock or nonstock
corporation, limited liability company, business trust, or limited partnership or registered as a registered limited liability partnership
31
RFP 2000004198
Appendix A
GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS
shall be authorized to transact business in the Commonwealth as a domestic or foreign business entity if so required by Title
13.1 or Title 50 of the Code of Virginia or as otherwise required by law. Any business entity described above that enters into a
contract with a Fairfax County pursuant to the Fairfax County Purchasing Resolution shall not allow its existence to lapse or its
certificate of authority or registration to transact business in the Commonwealth, if so required under Title 13.1 or Title 50, to be
revoked or cancelled at any time during the term of the contract. Fairfax County may void any contract with a business entity if
the business entity fails to remain in compliance with the provisions of this section.
62. COVENANT AGAINST CONTINGENT FEES-The Contractor warrants that no person or selling agency has been employed or
retained to solicit or secure this contract upon an agreement or understanding for a commission, percentage, brokerage, or
contingent fee, except bona fide employees or bona fide established commercial or selling agencies maintained by the Contractor
for the purpose of securing business. For violation of this warranty, the County shall have the right to terminate or suspend this
contract without liability to the County or in its discretion to deduct from the contract price or consideration, or otherwise recover,
the full amount of such commission, percentage, brokerage, or contingent fee.
63. VIRGINIA FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT-All proceedings, records, contracts and other public records relating to
procurement transactions shall be open to the inspection of any citizen, or any interested person, firm or corporation, in
accordance with the Virginia Freedom of Information Act except as provided below:
a. Cost estimates relating to a proposed procurement transaction prepared by or for a public body shall not be open to public
inspection.
b. Any competitive sealed bidding bidder, upon request, shall be afforded the opportunity to inspect bid records within a
reasonable time after the opening of all bids but prior to award, except in the event that the County decides not to accept any
of the bids and to reopen the contract. Otherwise, bid records shall be open to public inspection only after award of the
contract. Any competitive negotiation offeror, upon request, shall be afforded the opportunity to inspect proposal records
within a reasonable time after the evaluation and negotiations of proposals are completed but prior to award except in the
event that the County decides not to accept any of the proposals and to reopen the contract. Otherwise, proposal records
shall be open to the public inspection only after award of the contract except as provided in paragraph "c" below. Any
inspection of procurement transaction records under this section shall be subject to reasonable restrictions to ensure the
security and integrity of the records.
c. Trade secrets or proprietary information submitted by a bidder, offeror or Contractor in connection with a procurement
transaction or prequalification application submitted pursuant to the prequalification process identified in the Special
Provisions, shall not be subject to the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; however, the bidder, offeror or Contractor shall (i)
invoke the protections of this section prior to or upon submission of the data or other materials, (ii) identify the data or other
materials to be protected, and (iii) state the reasons why protection is necessary.
d. Nothing contained in this section shall be construed to require the County, when procuring by "competitive negotiation"
(Request for Proposal), to furnish a statement of the reasons why a particular proposal was not deemed to be the most
advantageous to the County.
e. The County cannot maintain as confidential any information, data, or records obtainable through the Virginia Freedom of
Information or similar law. This includes records or information that have not been properly designated as trade secret or
proprietary information pursuant to Va. Code Ann. ยง 2.2-4342(F).
f. A bidder or offeror shall not designate as trade secrets or proprietary information (a) an entire bid, proposal, or prequalification
application; (b) any portion of a bid, proposal, or prequalification application that does not contain trade secrets or proprietary
information; or (c) line item prices or total bid, proposal, or prequalification application prices.
BIDDER/CONTRACTOR REMEDIES