=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0015
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 12.4. The classification of an entire proposal document, line-item prices, and/or total proposal prices
Section Number: 12.4.
Section Type: submission_requirements
Word Count: 496
Character Count: 3427
Line Count: 47

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
12.4. The classification of an entire proposal document, line-item prices, and/or total proposal prices
as proprietary or trade secrets is not acceptable and may result in rejection of the proposal.
13. CONTACT FOR CONTRACTUAL MATTERS:
13.1. All communications and requests for information and clarifications shall be directed to the
following procurement official:
Yong Kim, CPPB, Contract Specialist III
Department of Procurement and Material Management
Telephone: (703) 324-3217; TTY: 711
E-mail: yong.kim@fairfaxcounty.gov
13.2. No attempt shall be made by any offeror to contact members of the Selection Advisory
Committee (“SAC”) about this procurement (ref. Section 18.3.).
14. REQUIRED SUBMITTALS:
14.1. Each Offeror responding to this RFP should supply all the documentation required in the RFP.
Failure to provide documentation with the Offeror's response to the RFP may result in the
disqualification of the Offeror's proposal.
14
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
14.2. Failure to sign “Attachment B” (Affirmation of Legally Required Contract Terms) may result in
rejection of the offeror’s proposal.
15. SUBMISSION OF PROPOSAL:
15.1. Proposals must be received electronically through Fairfax County’s online Procurement Portal
at: https://fairfaxcounty.bonfirehub.com, on or before the Submittal Deadline. Submissions will
only be accepted through the portal. Fairfax County will not accept proposals submitted by
paper, telephone, facsimile (“FAX”) transmission, or electronic mail (i.e., e-mail) in response to
this RFP. Proposal submissions and registration are free of charge. Offerors can register for a
free account at: https://fairfaxcounty.bonfirehub.com, which will be required when preparing a
submission. Documents may be uploaded at any time during the open period. The official time
used for receipt of proposals/modifications is the time stamp within the Bonfire (Euna) portal.
No other clocks, calendars or timepieces are recognized. For technical questions related to a
submission contact Bonfire (Euna) at Support@GoBonfire.com or click on the link “Contact
Bonfire Support here” under Need Help?. (Note: it takes an average of 16 minutes to an hour
for a response). Therefore, offerors shall take the necessary steps to submit their proposals in
advance.
15.2. If, at the time of the scheduled proposal closing Fairfax County Government is closed due to
inclement weather or another unforeseeable event, the proposal closing will still proceed
electronically through the Bonfire (Euna) system.
15.3. Technical Information: Uploading large documents may take time, depending on the size of the
file(s) and your Internet connection speed. You will receive an email confirmation receipt with
a unique confirmation number once you finalize your submission. Minimum system
requirements for the Bonfire (Euna) portal - Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome, or Mozilla Firefox.
JavaScript must be enabled. Browser cookies must be enabled.
15.4. It is the Offeror's responsibility to clearly identify and to describe the services being offered in
response to the Request for Proposal. Offerors are cautioned that organization of their
response, as well as thoroughness is critical to the County's evaluation process. The RFP
forms must be completed legibly and in their entirety; and all required supplemental information
must be furnished and presented in an organized, comprehensive and easy to follow manner.