=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0012
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: date of this RFP a minimum of five (5) years of experience in work of a similar nature
Section Number: None
Section Type: vendor_qualifications
Word Count: 498
Character Count: 3340
Line Count: 49

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
date of this RFP a minimum of five (5) years of experience in work of a similar nature
and magnitude to that being proposed. Relevant experience must be associated with
contracts or services not more than five years prior to the date of this RFP. Offeror
must have performed staff augmentation engagements in the submitted category with
at least three distinct clients within the past five years. Each contract must have lasted
a minimum of three years and involved mid-to-senior level professionals like those
described in the working titles. Offeror must submit three (3) case studies
demonstrating past staff augmentation engagements. Each case study should
include:
a. Federal, State, Local Government client name
b. Project scope, roles provided, and duration
c. Key outcomes and performance metrics
d. Contact information for client references
11
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
2. Personnel: Full-time and part-time staff, proposed consultants and subcontractors
who may be assigned direct work on this contract should be identified. Information is
required which will show the specific persons who at this time would compose
personnel for a task or work group, their specific qualifications, and recent relevant
experience. Offerors must have direct employment with proposed staff. Brokers or
third-party staffing agencies submitting on behalf of subcontractors without direct
delivery oversight will not be considered.
The Offeror should indicate a corporate head count of current personnel who could
perform each working title role. For instance, in the case of application development,
3 Senior Programmers, 4 intermediate programmers, etc.
All Offeror personnel assigned to work on-site at Fairfax County may be required to
undergo a criminal history check and sign a non-disclosure agreement. Off-site
personnel may also be subject to a criminal history check depending on the sensitivity
of the data involved. Note that arrangements for required criminal history checks must
be made in advance with appropriate County personnel. The County reserves the
right to reject any personnel proposed by the offeror for any reason.
The Offeror(s) must provide IT staff at Senior and Intermediate levels of competency.
The following qualifications and work experience requirements listed below shall
apply unless otherwise specified in Exhibit A:
• Senior Level: relates to very experienced and highly qualified individuals who
are technically proficient and able to work with minimum supervision. Senior
Level professionals should have as a minimum five (5) years relevant work
experience unless otherwise stated and are expected to have appropriate and
related certification in the associated field of work, and/or equivalent experience
relevant to the position.
• Intermediate Level: relates to experienced and qualified individuals who are
technically proficient and able to work with minimal to moderate supervision.
Intermediate Level professionals should have a minimum of three (3) years’
relevant work experience unless otherwise stated.
The personnel named in the technical proposal will remain assigned to the project
throughout the period of this contract. No diversion or replacement may be made
without submission of a resume of the proposed replacement with final approval being
granted by the County Procurement Agent.