=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0027
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 18. UNBALANCED BIDS—A Bid shall be mathematically unbalanced if the Bid contains unit pricing that does not reflect reasonable
Section Number: 18.
Section Type: budget_pricing
Word Count: 680
Character Count: 4344
Line Count: 44

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
18. UNBALANCED BIDS—A Bid shall be mathematically unbalanced if the Bid contains unit pricing that does not reflect reasonable
25
RFP 2000004198
Appendix A
GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS
costs (including actual labor and material cost, overhead and profit) for the performance of the bid item(s) in question. A Bid shall
be materially unbalanced if there is a reasonable doubt that award of the mathematically unbalanced Bid will result in the lowest
ultimate cost to the County. A Bid that is, in the sole discretion of the County Purchasing Agent, both mathematically and
materially unbalanced, may be rejected as non-responsive.
SPECIFICATIONS
19. CLARIFICATION OF TERMS—If any prospective bidder has questions about the specifications or other solicitation documents,
the prospective bidder should contact the contract specialist whose name appears on the face of the solicitation no later than
five working dates before the due date. Any revisions to the solicitation will be made only be addendum issued by the contract
specialist.
20. BRAND NAME OR EQUAL ITEMS-Unless otherwise provided in the Invitation for Bid, the name of a certain brand, make or
manufacturer does not restrict bidders to the specific brand, make or manufacturer named; it conveys the general style, type,
character, and quality of the article desired. Any article that the County in its sole discretion determines to be the equivalent of
that specified, considering quality, workmanship, economy of operation, and suitability for the purpose intended, shall be
accepted. The bidder is responsible for clearly and specifically identifying the product being offered and providing sufficient
descriptive literature, catalog cuts and technical detail to enable the County to determine if the product offered meets the
requirements of the solicitation. This is required even if offering the exact brand, make, or manufacturer specified. Failure to
furnish adequate data for evaluation purposes may result in declaring a bid nonresponsive. Unless the bidder clearly indicates
in its bid that the product is an equivalent product, such bid will be considered to offer the brand name product referenced in the
solicitation.
21. SPECIFICATIONS-When a solicitation contains a specification that states no substitutes, no deviation therefrom will be permitted
and the bidder will be required to furnish articles in conformity with that specification.
The bidder must abide by and comply with the true intent of the specifications and not take advantage of any unintentional error
or omission, but shall fully complete every part as the true intent and meaning of the specifications and drawings. Whenever the
mention is made of any articles, material, or workmanship to be in accordance with laws, ordinances, building codes, underwriter's
codes, A.S.T.M. regulations or similar expressions, the requirements of these laws, ordinances, etc., shall be construed as to the
minimum requirements of these specifications.
AWARD
22. AWARD OR REJECTION OF BIDS-The Purchasing Agent shall award the contract to the lowest responsive and responsible
bidder complying with all provisions of the IFB, provided the bid price is reasonable and it is in the best interest of the County to
accept it. Awards made in response to a RFP will be made to the highest qualified offeror whose proposal is determined, in
writing, to be the most advantageous to the County taking into consideration the evaluation factors set forth in the RFP. The
Purchasing Agent reserves the right to award a contract by individual items, in the aggregate, or in combination thereof, or to
reject any or all bids and to waive any informality in bids received whenever such rejection or waiver is in the best interest of the
County. Award may be made to as many bidders as deemed necessary to fulfill the anticipated requirements of Fairfax County.
The Purchasing Agent also reserves the right to reject the bid of a bidder deemed to be a non-responsible bidder.
In determining the responsibility of a bidder, the following criteria will be considered:
a. The ability, capacity and skill of the bidder to perform the contract or provide the service required;
b. Whether the bidder can perform the contract or provide the service promptly, or within the time specified, without delay or
interference;