=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0005
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 5.1.5. If support is for a commercial licensed software product, it is expected that work is
Section Number: None
Section Type: general
Word Count: 472
Character Count: 3500
Line Count: 55

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
5.1.5. If support is for a commercial licensed software product, it is expected that work is
based on its manufacture specifications and not manipulated outside its developed
architecture and development standards. The solution design should recommend
the hardware and database environment that ensures optimal performance,
supportability and reliability.
5.1.6. Solution support may be required on technology that is hosted outside the County’s
IT environment, such as a subscription service. Augmented staff must adhere to
County IT Security standards for data security and privacy and user access from the
county’s local and remote network. DIT will specify remote access specifications.
5.2. County Network Environment:
5.2.1. The County’s technology architecture is a tactical asset that defines technology
components necessary to support business operations and the infrastructure
required for implementation of technologies in response to the changing needs of
government business and industry evolution. It is a multi-layered architecture that
includes:
• Application and Data Architectures,
• Platform Architecture,
• Network Architecture,
• Internet Architecture, and
• Security Architecture.
5.2.2. More information about the County’s enterprise architecture is available in the
Information Technology Plan, published by the County DIT, at
https://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/informationtechnology/it-plan
5.3. Requirements for Solutions Supported by Staff Augmentation:
5.3.1. All information systems delivery and management is governed by the Architecture
Review Board (ARB) and other program specific committees that are chartered to
manage scope and functionality delivery issues, and advise and/or direct
development efforts and promote conformance to a variety of standards, including
but not limited, to those in the Information Technology Plan,
https://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/informationtechnology/it-plan. Offerors with staff
augmentation support in the various domains may be required to review solution
architecture with the DIT ARB while supporting the county. The DIT ARB provides
technical review and sign-off of Solution designs.
5.3.2. In general, solutions that are installed on premises at Fairfax County use industry
standards and must meet the following requirements, which are described in the
Information Technology Plan,
https://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/informationtechnology/it-plan:
• Enterprise Architecture and Standards,
• Application Platforms and Architecture, and
• Database and Operating Systems.
4
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
5.3.3. Deviations: Deviations from the architecture and standards may become a barrier
to the sustainability of the County’s integration and interoperability posture and may
be subject to further review. When responding to various statements of work during
the duration of this contract, offerors must specifically disclose all aspects of the
proposed solution which deviate from the documented standards and desired
architectures, and provide approaches for consideration about the manner in which
non-standard components may be integrated.
5.3.4. Graphical User Interfaces: The County has standard templates that are required for
its websites to have maximum consistency across applications and content. Any
hosted applications and most COTS applications should be able to present through
the County template or simulation for County brand and identity. Alternatives to
using these templates must be arranged through the County DIT.