=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0023
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 30.2. It is the Contractors responsibility to notify the public body(s) of the availability of the contract(s).
Section Number: 30.2.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 518
Character Count: 3404
Line Count: 44

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
30.2. It is the Contractors responsibility to notify the public body(s) of the availability of the contract(s).
21
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
30.3. Other public bodies desiring to use this contract will need to make their own legal
determinations as to whether the use of this contract is consistent with their laws, regulations,
and other policies.
30.4. Each public body has the option of executing a separate contract with the Vendor(s). Public
bodies may add terms and conditions required by statute, ordinances, and regulations, to the
extent that they do not conflict with this contract’s terms and conditions. If, when preparing
such a contract, the general terms and conditions of a public body are unacceptable to the
Contractor, the Contractor may withdraw its extension of the award to that public body.
30.5. Fairfax County shall not be held liable for any costs or damages incurred by another public
body as a result of any award extended to that public body by the Contractor.
31. NEWS RELEASE BY VENDORS:
31.1. As a matter of policy, the County does not endorse the products or services of a Contractor.
News releases concerning any resultant contract from this solicitation will not be made by a
Contractor without the prior written approval of the County. All proposed news releases will be
routed to the Procurement Agent for review and approval.
32. AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT REQUIREMENTS:
32.1. Fairfax County Government is fully committed to the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)
which guarantees non-discrimination and equal access for persons with disabilities in
employment, public accommodations, transportation, and all County programs, activities and
services. Fairfax County government contractors, subcontractors, vendors, and/or suppliers
are subject to this ADA policy. All individuals having any County contractual agreement must
make the same commitment. Your acceptance of this contract acknowledges your commitment
and compliance with ADA.
32.2. Fairfax County is committed to a policy of nondiscrimination in all County programs, services,
and activities and will provide reasonable accommodations upon request. Offerors requesting
special accommodations should call the Department ADA representative at (703) 324-3201 or
TTY 711. Please allow two (2) working days in advance of the event to make the necessary
arrangements.
33. HIPAA COMPLIANCE:
33.1. Fairfax County Government has designated certain health care components as covered by the
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996. The successful vendor will be
designated a business associate pursuant to 45 CFR part 164.504(e) of those agencies
identified as health care components of the County, including the Fairfax-Falls Church
Community Services Board, upon award of contract. The successful vendor shall be required
to execute a Fairfax County Business Associate Agreement and must adhere to all relevant
federal, state, and local confidentiality and privacy laws, regulations, and contractual provisions
of that agreement. These laws and regulations include, but are not limited to: (1) HIPAA – 42
USC 201, et seq., and 45 CFR Parts 160 and 164; and (2) Va Code – Title 32.1, Health, § 32.1-
1 et seq. The vendor shall have in place appropriate administrative, technical, and physical
safeguards to ensure the privacy and confidentiality of protected health information.