=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0014
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 9. COST PROPOSAL INSTRUCTIONS:
Section Number: 9.
Section Type: submission_requirements
Word Count: 503
Character Count: 3234
Line Count: 44

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
9. COST PROPOSAL INSTRUCTIONS:
9.1. The offeror must submit a cost proposal in fully indexed, searchable, supported by cost and
pricing data adequate to establish the reasonableness of the proposed fee. The following
information should be submitted as part of the cost proposal:
The cost of each task or segment of the task shall be itemized.
a. IT Staff Augmentation: The Offerors are required to provide rates that are fully loaded. Fully
loaded rates shall include but are not limited to overhead cost, administrative fees, travel, meal
expenses, hotel, etc. The County will not pay any additional cost of any kind. Breakdown of
other expenses such as clerical support, other overhead costs, supplies, etc. (ref. Pricing
Schedule – IT Staff Augmentation).
10. CONSULTATION SERVICES:
10.1. The Contractor’s staff must be available for consultation with County staff on an as-needed
basis between 8:00 A.M. and 4:30 P.M., Eastern Time, Monday through Friday.
13
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
11. PRICING:
11.1. The subsequent contract will be a firm-fixed price agreement. The fee(s) will remain firm and
will include all charges that may be incurred in fulfilling the requirements of the contract during
the first 365 days. Changes in cost for any subsequent contract years may be based on the
Consumer Price Index (CPI-U), Consumer Price Index Summary, All items or other relevant
indices as determined solely by the Procurement Agent. Changes in cost shall not exceed a
five percent (5%) increase for the given year.
11.2. The request for a change in the unit price shall include as a minimum, (1) the cause for the
adjustment; (2) proposed effective date; and, (3) the amount of the change requested with
documentation to support the requested adjustment (i.e., appropriate Bureau of Labor
Statistics, Consumer Price Index All items (CPI-U), etc.). Increases are not guaranteed, but will
be granted at the discretion of the Purchasing Agent.
11.3. Offeror will dynamically from month to month provide the County the lowest available price for
any/all collective or individual solutions implemented to meet or exceed that of any contract the
offeror has. The price will never increase for any reason without prior approval from an
authorized Fairfax County Government representative. Price decreases shall be made in
accordance with paragraph 40 of the General Conditions & Instructions to Offerors.
12. TRADE SECRETS/PROPRIETARY INFORMATION:
12.1. Trade secrets or proprietary information submitted by an offeror in connection with a
procurement transaction shall not be subject to public disclosure under the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; however, offerors must invoke the protections of this section prior to or upon
submission of the data or other materials.
12.2. The offeror must identify the data or other materials to be protected and state the
reasons why protection is necessary. Disposition of material after award(s) should be stated
by the offeror.
12.3. Request for Protection of Trade Secrets or Proprietary Information (Attachment A3) is
provided as a courtesy to assist offerors desiring to protect trade secrets or proprietary
information from disclosure under the Virginia Freedom of Information Act.