=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0009
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 6. STATEMENT OF NEEDS:
Section Number: 6.
Section Type: scope_of_work
Word Count: 552
Character Count: 3411
Line Count: 43

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
6. STATEMENT OF NEEDS:
Qualified offerors are encouraged to submit a proposal to provide IT Staff Augmentation services to
FCG and FCPS agencies on an as-needed basis.
6.1. It is the intent of the County to establish IDIQ contract(s) with qualified firm(s) for each labor
category of IT staff Augmentation that will allow the County to request Staffing on an “as needed
basis.” A request for staffing will be initiated by the County indicating a work description, the
job category(ies) required, the number of staff, and the anticipated length of engagement the
professional may be engaged. The requests are generally on-site but may from time to time be
remote on an as needed basis by the County.
8
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
6.2. The County may request that the individual offered by the offeror(s) be made available for an
interview. The Contractor(s) will be allowed ten (10) business days to present resumes of
proposed individuals for a specific work order from the time of the request by the County. The
individuals selected must be fully qualified and available to begin work within fifteen (15)
business days from the date they are selected by the County. All personnel issues will be
addressed by the Contractor(s) within 24 hours of notification by the County.
6.3. The Labor Categories are aggregated into seven (7) major groups. The offerors shall respond
to at least one of the Labor Categories and must be able to provide all working titles in the
Labor Category. Fairfax County is in search of IT Specialists within a given category who can
demonstrate well-developed competencies, with a standing reputation as experts in a given
discipline. The County requires the Labor Categories and working titles as described in this
RFP be the governing title, while the County realizes that firms have their own unique labor
category titles, for the ease of managing the contract the Labor Category and working titles
and descriptions as defined in this section and the attached Exhibit A shall be the controlling
title.
6.4. The Offeror must describe their evaluation and quality control procedures to monitor the
performance of the Offeror assigned staff. Offerors should speak to procedures for addressing
any deficiencies in performance and steps for remediation and address the following: 1)
Assurance that the selected staff can be retained for future work orders if the contract is
renewed or extended; 2) The Offeror’s recommended administrative procedures which deals
with submissions and approval of leave (vacation time), sick leave, and other absences; 3) The
Offeror must include estimate of the amount of leave the staff may be entitled to during the
year; 4) The Offeror must address their recommended procedures for a reduction in the number
of staff assigned if Fairfax County decides to reduce the number of IT Contractors need on the
project; 5) Assurance that an individual meets the requirements per Special Provisions,
paragraph 6.2.; 6) If the County terminate work under this contract.
6.5. While on site work is not required in some cases, the Offeror shall describe their ability for their
assigned staff to work on-site within FCG, DIT, FCPS, or other County agency sites or other
offsite locations as mutually agreed upon. The primary location for FCG and DIT will be Fairfax
County Government Center complex, 12000 Government Center Parkway, Fairfax, Virginia
22035.