=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0033
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 45. INSPECTIONS-Inspection and acceptance of materials or supplies will be made after delivery at the designated destinations
Section Number: 45.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 496
Character Count: 3178
Line Count: 31

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
45. INSPECTIONS-Inspection and acceptance of materials or supplies will be made after delivery at the designated destinations
unless otherwise stated. If inspection is made after delivery at the designated destination, the County will bear the expense of
inspection except for the value of samples used in case of rejection. Final inspection is conclusive except in regard to latent
defects, fraud or such gross mistakes as to amount to fraud. Final inspection and acceptance or rejection of the materials or
supplies will be made as promptly as practicable, but failure to inspect and accept or reject materials or supplies shall not impose
liability on the County for such materials or supplies as are not in accordance with the specifications.
46. COMPLIANCE-Delivery must be made as ordered and in accordance with the contract or as directed by the Purchasing Agent
when not in conflict with the contract. The decision of the Purchasing Agent as to reasonable compliance with delivery terms
shall be final. If the Contractor claims the delay in receipt of goods was caused by the County, the Contractor must provide
evidence satisfactory to the Purchasing Agent supporting the Contractor’s claim. Any request for extension of delivery time from
that specified in the contract must be approved by the Purchasing Agent, such extension applying only to the particular item or
shipment affected. If the Contractor is delayed by the County, there shall be added to the time of completion a time equal to the
period of such delay caused by the County. However, the Contractor shall not be entitled to claim damages or extra
compensation for such delay or suspension. These conditions may vary for construction contracts. See contract for the individual
instructions.
47. POINT OF DESTINATION-All materials shipped to the County must be shipped F.O.B. DESTINATION unless otherwise stated
in the contract or purchase order. The materials must be delivered to the "Ship to" address indicated on the purchase order.
48. ADDITIONAL CHARGES-Unless bought F.O.B. "shipping point" and Contractor prepays transportation, no delivery charges
shall be added to invoices except when express delivery is authorized and substituted on orders for the method specified in the
contract. In such cases, difference between freight or mail and express charges may be added to invoice.
49. METHOD AND CONTAINERS-Unless otherwise specified, goods shall be delivered in commercial packages in standard
commercial containers that are constructed to ensure acceptance by common or other carrier for safe transportation to the point
of delivery. Containers become the property of the County unless otherwise specified by bidder.
50. REPLACEMENT-Materials or components that have been rejected by the Purchasing Agent, in accordance with the terms of a
contract, shall be replaced by the Contractor at no cost to the County.
51. PACKING SLIPS OR DELIVERY TICKETS-All shipments must be accompanied by Packing Slips or Delivery Tickets and must
contain the following information for each item delivered:
a. The Purchase Order Number,
b. The Name of the Article and Stock Number (Supplier's),
29
RFP 2000004198