=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0031
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 37. NON-DISCRIMINATION-During the performance of this contract, the Contractor agrees as follows:
Section Number: 37.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 563
Character Count: 3684
Line Count: 35

=== GOVERNMENT POLICIES ===
All Policy References: None
FAR References: None
DFARS References: None
Clause References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
37. NON-DISCRIMINATION-During the performance of this contract, the Contractor agrees as follows:
a. The Contractor will not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, religion, color, sex,
national origin, age, disability, or other basis prohibited by state law relating to discrimination in employment, except where
there is a bona fide occupational qualification reasonably necessary to the normal operation of the Contractor. The Contractor
agrees to post in conspicuous places, available to employees and applicants for employment, notices setting forth the
provisions of this non-discrimination clause.
b. The Contractor, in all solicitations or advertisements for employees placed by or on behalf of the Contractor, will state that
such Contractor is an equal opportunity employer.
c. Notices, advertisements and solicitations placed in accordance with federal law, rule or regulation shall be deemed sufficient
for the purpose of meeting the requirements of this section.
d. The Contractor will include the provisions of the foregoing paragraphs a, b, and c above in every subcontract or purchase
order of over $10,000 so that the provisions will be binding upon each subcontractor or vendor.
e. Contractor shall, throughout the term of this contract, comply with the Human Rights Ordinance, Chapter 11 of the Code of
the County of Fairfax, Virginia, as reenacted or amended. Contractor shall further require that all of its subcontractors will
comply with the Human Rights Ordinance, Chapter 11 of the Code of the County of Fairfax, Virginia, as reenacted or amended
38. SMALL, WOMEN-OWNED, AND MINORITY-OWNED BUSINESS USE-
a. It is the declared policy of the County of Fairfax, through its Small and Minority Business Enterprise Program, that Fairfax
County and its employees undertake every effort to increase opportunity for use of small or minority businesses in all aspects
of procurement to the maximum extent feasible.
b. Where it is practicable for any portion of the awarded contract to be subcontracted to other suppliers, the contractor is
encouraged to offer such subcontracting opportunities to small, women and minority businesses.
c. Where Federal grants or monies are involved, it is the policy of Fairfax County, through its agents and employees, to comply
with the requirements set forth in the Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for
Federal Awards, as they pertain to small and minority business use.
39. GUARANTEES & WARRANTIES-All guarantees and warranties required shall be furnished by the Contractor and shall be
delivered to the Purchasing Agent before contract execution. Unless otherwise stated, manufacturer's standard warranty applies.
40. PRICE REDUCTION-If the Contractor makes a general price reduction for any material covered by the solicitation to customers
generally, an equivalent price reduction shall apply to this contract for the duration of the contract period (or until the price is
further reduced). Such price reduction shall be effective at the same time and in the same manner as the reduction in the price
to customers generally. For purpose of this provision, a "general price reduction" shall mean any horizontal reduction in the price
of an article or service offered (1) to Contractor's customers generally, or (2) in the Contractor's price schedule for the class of
customers (i.e., wholesalers, jobbers, or retailers), which was used as the basis for bidding on this solicitation. An occasional
sale at a lower price, or sale of distressed merchandise at a lower price is not a "general price reduction" under this provision.
28
RFP 2000004198