Related Sections Grouping Summary
=================================

1. Submission Requirements - Related Sections
   Type: combined_related
   Related Group: submission_requirements
   Length: 83468 characters
   Sub-sections: WILL ONLY BE ACCEPTED ELECTRONICALLY VIA THE BONFIRE, Fairfax County Government uses a procurement portal powered by, Bonfire portal in order to download the RFP documents and submit, Fairfax County strongly encourages offerors to submit proposals well in, responsible for the consequences of any failure to plan ahead in the, 3. Cyber Security Support, 6. Radio and Wireless Communications, other payment obligations under any contract awarded pursuant to this Request for Proposal, aspects of information technology solutions and supporting infrastructure that enable county, agencies to deliver services and information to citizens and the community and implement, FCPS has several helpful resources that are available online to assist Offerors in, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, 5. TECHNOLOGY PROFILES AND ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:, augmentation support should comprehensively address all aspects of the related, staffing firms or vendors without demonstrable delivery experience in the IT category, implemented by staff augmentation support must be fully integrated into the core, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, augmentation support in the various domains may be required to review solution, hosted applications and most COTS applications should be able to present through, personnel that have roles in the implementation and management of the solution, provided or supported services that are approved by the Information Security, solutions to the Fairfax County production network shall obtain prior approval, E. Remote Access control will be enforced via network and system level, F. External access to and from information systems shall meet Fairfax County, established between a County computer and another computer at a location, or database table organization at a level of detail that enables report writers to, and all other records of business concerning the software in relation to the agencies, that use any of these elements are required to meet these requirements and any, maintain for County technical documentation and hardware proposals for, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, listed in detail to include make and model required for the full implementation of the, specifications provided by the County within this RFP shall be considered as minimal, procedures needed to carry out processing requirements for a prolonged period of, Qualified offerors are encouraged to submit a proposal to provide IT Staff Augmentation services to, Assurance that the selected staff can be retained for future work orders if the contract is, of staff assigned if Fairfax County decides to reduce the number of IT Contractors need on the, 8. TECHNICAL PROPOSAL INSTRUCTIONS:, The offeror must submit the Technical Proposal for IT Staff Augmentation services as instructed in, 2. Understanding of the Statement of Needs: The Offeror must present a description of, responses should be keyed to appropriate paragraph numbers providing the following, a. Statement and discussion of the requirements as they are analyzed by the offeror., program for executing the requirements of the Statement of Needs and achieving, 3. Treatment of the Issues: In this section, the offeror may also comment if deemed, 1. Organizational Experience: Offeror must describe their qualifications and experience, firms must have existing staff in the respective labor category who would be available, d. Contact information for client references, 2. Personnel: Full-time and part-time staff, proposed consultants and subcontractors, required which will show the specific persons who at this time would compose, The following qualifications and work experience requirements listed below shall, The personnel named in the technical proposal will remain assigned to the project, without submission of a resume of the proposed replacement with final approval being, 6. Exceptions to the RFP: Offerors may take exceptions to the terms, however, some of the, 9. COST PROPOSAL INSTRUCTIONS:, will include all charges that may be incurred in fulfilling the requirements of the contract during, procurement transaction shall not be subject to public disclosure under the Virginia Freedom, provided as a courtesy to assist offerors desiring to protect trade secrets or proprietary, 13. CONTACT FOR CONTRACTUAL MATTERS:, 14. REQUIRED SUBMITTALS:, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, 15. SUBMISSION OF PROPOSAL:, 16. ADDENDA:, 17. PROPOSALS ACCEPTANCE PERIOD:, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, its clients will be evaluated through discussions with Offeror references supplied in Offeror, or more Offerors deemed to be fully qualified and best suited among those submitting proposals, flexibility because of their corporate policy on a particular negotiation item will face a significant, required to furnish a statement of the reasons why a particular proposal was not deemed to be, whether or not such additional insurance requirements are otherwise described or, applicable to the required or any other insurance maintained by the Contractor or its, to the County for the acts and omissions of the subcontractors and of persons employed by the, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, f. The itemized cost for each item/service., 25. OTHER SERVICES:, 27. SAFEGUARDS OF INFORMATION:, 28. ORDER OF PRECEDENCE:, 30. USE OF CONTRACT BY OTHER PUBLIC BODIES:, 32. AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT REQUIREMENTS:, to execute a Fairfax County Business Associate Agreement and must adhere to all relevant, required to include in its bid or proposal the identification number issued to it by the State, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, CONDITIONS AND REQUIREMENTS IN THE GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO, BIDDERS OR THEIR AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES SHOULD INFORM THEMSELVES FULLY AS, CONDITIONS OF BIDDING, a. Bids or proposals received after the date and time specified for receipt in the solicitation will not be considered., GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, c. The official time used for receipt of bids/modifications is the time and date stamp clock located in the Department of, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, The bidder must abide by and comply with the true intent of the specifications and not take advantage of any unintentional error, reject any or all bids and to waive any informality in bids received whenever such rejection or waiver is in the best interest of the, j. Such other information as may be secured by the Purchasing Agent having a bearing on the decision to award the contract., c. General Conditions and Instructions to Bidders, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, CONTRACT PROVISIONS, a. Terminated prior to expiration date by satisfactory deliveries of entire contract requirements, or upon termination by the, delivery to the Contractor of a Notice of Termination specifying the extent to which performance is terminated and the date, a. If, through any cause, the Contractor fails to fulfill in a timely and proper manner its obligations under this contract, or if the, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, effective at the end of the fiscal year for which funds were appropriated and the County will not be obligated to make any payments, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, DELIVERY PROVISIONS, responsible for the materials or supplies covered by the contract until they are delivered at the delivery point designated by the, shall be added to invoices except when express delivery is authorized and substituted on orders for the method specified in the, commercial containers that are constructed to ensure acceptance by common or other carrier for safe transportation to the point, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, f. The Name of the Contractor., c. Protect the County against latent defective material or workmanship and to repair or replace any damages or marring, e. Stipulate that the presence of a County Inspector shall not lessen the obligation of the Contractor for performance in, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, b. Whenever there is reason to believe that a financial benefit of the sort described in paragraph "a" has been or will be, c. In the event the bidder or offeror has knowledge of financial benefits as outlined above, this information should be submitted, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, b. Any competitive sealed bidding bidder, upon request, shall be afforded the opportunity to inspect bid records within a, within a reasonable time after the evaluation and negotiations of proposals are completed but prior to award except in the, c. Trade secrets or proprietary information submitted by a bidder, offeror or Contractor in connection with a procurement, transaction or prequalification application submitted pursuant to the prequalification process identified in the Special, d. Nothing contained in this section shall be construed to require the County, when procuring by "competitive negotiation", e. The County cannot maintain as confidential any information, data, or records obtainable through the Virginia Freedom of, f. A bidder or offeror shall not designate as trade secrets or proprietary information (a) an entire bid, proposal, or prequalification, 1. Conviction for commission of a criminal offense as an incident to obtaining or attempting to obtain a public or private contract, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, c. If, upon appeal, it is determined that the action taken by the Purchasing Agent was arbitrary or capricious, or not in accordance, a. A decision denying withdrawal of a bid submitted by a bidder or offeror shall be final and conclusive unless the bidder appeals, a. Any bidder who, despite being the apparent low bidder, is determined not to be a responsible bidder for a particular County, whole or in part upon information contained in public records pertaining to the procurement transaction which are subject to, must be submitted shall expire ten days after those records are available for inspection by such bidder or offeror under Article, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, b. Contractual claims, whether for money or other relief, shall be submitted in writing no later than sixty days after final payment;, GENERAL CONDITIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS, a. Effective, interactive control and use of the technology (including the operating system), applications programs, and format, b. the technology equipped for nonvisual access shall be compatible with information technology used by other individuals, e. Compliance with the nonvisual access standards set out this Section is not required if the Board of Supervisors determines
   Lines: 2-1797

2. Other - Related Sections
   Type: combined_related
   Related Group: other
   Length: 11573 characters
   Sub-sections: not considered successful unless all necessary files have been uploaded, 2. Application Development Support, 5. Unified Communications Support, offeror must provide at least one resume or bio of current professionals currently employed by, components necessary to support business operations and the infrastructure, B. Remote access to the Fairfax County network shall be done using the DIT, C. Agencies or individuals who wish to implement non-standard Remote Access, D. Secure remote access shall be strictly controlled. Control will be enforced via, H. All hosts that are connected to Fairfax County internal networks via remote, J. The County monitors its networks and systems for security violations. Users, K. The link shall be encrypted whenever a computer network connection is, environmental considerations such as the network and system loading to ensure, shall be continually ready to invoke a Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery, operational errors that compromises the integrity of transactions that are active in a, that does not compromise the integrity of transactions or data maintained in a live, 6. STATEMENT OF NEEDS:, Offeror must include estimate of the amount of leave the staff may be entitled to during the, Holiday calendars are published annually or may be obtained from FCG or FCPS, C. The Offeror(s) shall supply time sheets for their staff/consultants. The Offeror’s staff or, 1. Cover Letter: The letter will indicate the principal or officer of the Offeror organization who, c. Preliminary layouts, sketches, diagrams, other graphic representations,, e. The offeror should include detailed descriptions of activities that are to occur,, a. Federal, State, Local Government client name, 3. Staffing Plan: The staffing plan should indicate a chart that partitions the time, a. The County will only accept Offeror personnel who have significant, relevant, b. Support personnel proposed must have the necessary level of training and, experience with the application suite to ensure that the County is receiving, is not withdrawn at that time it remains in effect until an award is made or the solicitation is, or damage which may arise by virtue of any statute or law in force within the, subrogation rights against the County and other additional insureds for losses paid under the, a. Project Milestone;, b. Project Phase and task;, d. Date of services;, e. The type of services; and,, 34. STATE CORPORATION COMMISSION IDENTIFICATION NUMBER:, COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA, BIDS ON SOLICITATIONS ISSUED BY THE COUNTY WILL BIND BIDDERS TO THE APPLICABLE, b. If an emergency, unanticipated event, or closing of County offices interrupts or suspends normal County business operations, so that bids cannot be received at the County office designated for receipt of bids by the exact time specified in, c. The character, integrity, reputation, judgment, experience and efficiency of the bidder;, a. County of Fairfax Solicitation Form (Cover Sheet) and other documents which may be incorporated by reference, if, f. Any Addenda/Amendments/Memoranda of Negotiations, a. It is the declared policy of the County of Fairfax, through its Small and Minority Business Enterprise Program, that Fairfax, County and its employees undertake every effort to increase opportunity for use of small or minority businesses in all aspects, a. The Purchase Order Number,, b. The Name of the Article and Stock Number (Supplier's),, c. The Quantity Ordered,, d. The Quantity Shipped,, e. The Quantity Back Ordered,, Any omission or failure on the part of the Inspector to disapprove or reject any work or material shall not be construed to be, inspection of procurement transaction records under this section shall be subject to reasonable restrictions to ensure the, a. Any person or firm suspended or debarred from participation in County procurement shall be notified in writing by the, c. Nonvisual access technology shall be integrated into networks used to share communications among employees, program, COUNTY PURCHASING AGENT
   Lines: 17-1798

3. Special Provisions - Related Sections
   Type: combined_related
   Related Group: special_provisions
   Length: 3245 characters
   Sub-sections: SPECIAL PROVISIONS, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, guidance on the methodology and design required for each support area in each, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, A. The Offeror is required to follow the FCG and/or FCPS Holiday calendar and inclement, B. The County may need the offeror to be on call where the Offeror’s staff may be required, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, d. Offeror should demonstrate an awareness of potential difficulties in the completion, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, personnel may also be subject to a criminal history check depending on the sensitivity, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, 5. References: The Offeror will provide a reference for at least three (3) clients. Special, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, g. The quality, availability and adaptability of the goods or services to the particular use required;, shall be authorized to transact business in the Commonwealth as a domestic or foreign business entity if so required by Title
   Lines: 23-1590

4. Procurement Overview - Related Sections
   Type: combined_related
   Related Group: procurement_overview
   Length: 27362 characters
   Sub-sections: 1. PURPOSE AND SCOPE:, demonstrated through the submission of resumes or bios for their current employee and should, 4. BACKGROUND:, communications systems that are implemented in County government agencies throughout the, meet one or more of the supported areas and show competencies in the core, required for implementation of technologies in response to the changing needs of, A. Remote access is a service provided by the County and shall be used for, G. Reconfiguration of a home user’s equipment for the purpose of split-tunneling, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, County Department of Procurement and Material Management for review and, consultants shall not work simultaneously on work for other customers while working, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, the authority to negotiate all aspects of the scope of services and provisions on behalf of, b. Project scope, roles provided, and duration, c. Offeror shall describe its processes for assigning staff to specific projects, along, 18. BASIS FOR AWARD:, 22. CHANGES:, the prospective bidder should contact the contract specialist whose name appears on the face of the solicitation no later than, c. For determining acceptance of supplies in accordance with the provisions of the prompt payment discount paragraph,, County by virtue of any breach of contract by the Contractor for the purpose of set off until such time as the exact amount of, c. Notices, advertisements and solicitations placed in accordance with federal law, rule or regulation shall be deemed sufficient, c. Where Federal grants or monies are involved, it is the policy of Fairfax County, through its agents and employees, to comply, a. Each bidder, offeror, or contractor shall certify, upon signing a bid, proposal, or contract, that to the best of their knowledge, contract with a Fairfax County pursuant to the Fairfax County Purchasing Resolution shall not allow its existence to lapse or its, Section 3 may participate in, sponsor, conduct or administer a cooperative procurement agreement as set forth in the Fairfax, 74. AUDIT OF RECORDS The parties agree that the County or its agent must have reasonable access to and the right to examine, 75. PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION: Contractor will comply with all applicable laws regarding safeguarding and
   Lines: 24-1775

5. Contract Terms - Related Sections
   Type: combined_related
   Related Group: contract_terms
   Length: 43186 characters
   Sub-sections: County and participating public bodies reserve the right to complete services among the, 3. CONTRACT PERIOD AND RENEWAL:, the contract shall terminate effective at the end of the fiscal year for which funds were, appropriated and the County will not be obligated to make any payments under the contract, failure to provide such notice shall not extend the contract into a fiscal year in which sufficient, code will be updated to reflect the most current version of the software source code, will work with the Contractor to duplicate or approximate other relevant, Contractor shall prepare technology refreshment specifications and costs for, installed hardware currently under maintenance agreement every four years or, entire period beginning with project kickoff and ending with the end of any turnover, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, to at least one of the Labor Categories and must be able to provide all working titles in the, must have performed staff augmentation engagements in the submitted category with, The Offeror should indicate a corporate head count of current personnel who could, commitment of each professional staff member across the proposed tasks and a, 4. Financial Statements: The Offeror shall provide an income statement and balance, 10. CONSULTATION SERVICES:, 11. PRICING:, The County will consider all cost and business terms to be negotiable and will not be artificially, 19. INSURANCE:, The Contractor assumes all risk of direct and indirect damage or injury to the property or, a. Statutory Workers' Compensation and Employer's Liability insurance in limits of not less, b. Commercial General Liability insurance in the amount of $1,000,000 per occurrence/, c. Owned, non-owned, and hired Automobile Liability insurance, in the amount of $1,000,000, a. If the liability insurance purchased by the Contractor has been issued on a "claims made", b. The Contractor must either:, 1. Agree to provide certificates of insurance evidencing the above coverage for a period, 2. Purchase the extended reporting period endorsement for the policy or policies in force, during the term of this contract and evidence the purchase of this extended reporting, period endorsement by means of a certificate of insurance or a copy of the, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, insurance policies required by this Contract or other insurance applicable to the Contractor or, carrying insurance shall not relieve the Contractor and all subcontractors of their liabilities, 20. METHOD OF ORDERING:, 21. REPORTS AND INVOICING:, c. Contract number and PO Number;, 23. DELAYS AND SUSPENSIONS:, of the work of this contract for the period of time deemed appropriate for the convenience of, The County may further amend the contract by mutual agreement for any increase in the cost, County may further amend the contract by mutual agreement for any increase in the cost of, 24. ACCESS TO AND INSPECTION OF WORK:, 26. DATA SOURCES:, 29. SUBCONTRACTING:, SPECIAL PROVISIONS, 31. NEWS RELEASE BY VENDORS:, 33. HIPAA COMPLIANCE:, means and endeavors to obtain the maximum degree of open competition on all purchase transactions using the methods of, be materially unbalanced if there is a reasonable doubt that award of the mathematically unbalanced Bid will result in the lowest, a. The ability, capacity and skill of the bidder to perform the contract or provide the service required;, b. Whether the bidder can perform the contract or provide the service promptly, or within the time specified, without delay or, d. The quality of performance of previous contracts or services;, e. The previous and existing compliance by the bidder with laws and ordinances relating to the contract or services;, f. The sufficiency of the financial resources and ability of the bidder to perform the contract or provide the service;, h. The ability of the bidder to provide future maintenance and service for the use of the subject of the contract;, b. Acceptance Agreement, in the open market except that the price paid shall not exceed the lowest contract bid price submitted for the same goods or, b. If a discount for prompt payment is allowed, the discount period will begin on the date of receipt of a properly completed, b. Extended upon written authorization of the Purchasing Agent and accepted by Contractor, to permit ordering of unordered, a. A contract may be terminated in whole or in part by the County in accordance with this clause whenever the Purchasing, b. An equitable adjustment in the contract price shall be made by the Purchasing Agent for completed service, but no amount, b. Termination of the Contract for Cause does not relieve the Contractor of liability to the County for damages sustained by the, obligations under any contract awarded pursuant to this contract is subject to appropriations by the Fairfax County Board of, authority to purchase in the open market goods or services of comparable grade or quality to replace goods or services not, a. The Contractor will not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, religion, color, sex,, b. The Contractor, in all solicitations or advertisements for employees placed by or on behalf of the Contractor, will state that, d. The Contractor will include the provisions of the foregoing paragraphs a, b, and c above in every subcontract or purchase, e. Contractor shall, throughout the term of this contract, comply with the Human Rights Ordinance, Chapter 11 of the Code of, b. Where it is practicable for any portion of the awarded contract to be subcontracted to other suppliers, the contractor is, a. Save the County, its agents and employees harmless from liability of any nature or kind for the use of any copyrighted or, b. Warrant that when the contract includes a software license, or use of licensed software, the Contractor is the owner of the, Software or otherwise has the right to grant to the County the license to use the Software granted through the Contract, d. Furnish adequate protection against damage to all work and to repair damages of any kind to the building or equipment, to, f. Protect the County from loss or damage to County owned property while it is in the custody of the Contractor., a. Furnish services described in the solicitation and resultant contract at the times and places and in the manner and subject, a. General Indemnification. Contractor must indemnify, keep and save harmless, and defend the County, its agents, officials,, b. Intellectual Property Indemnification. In addition to the General Indemnification, Contractor will indemnify the County for, c. Right to Participate in Defense. The County may, at its sole expense, participate in the defense or resolution of a, d. No Indemnification by the County. The parties agree that under applicable law the County cannot indemnify or, 61. AUTHORIZATION TO CONDUCT BUSINESS IN THE COMMONWEALTH: A contractor organized as a stock or nonstock, b. The Purchasing Agent shall have the authority to suspend or debar a person or firm from bidding on any contract for the, a. failure without good cause to perform in accordance with the specifications or within the time limit provided in the, b. a recent record of failure to perform or of unsatisfactory performance in accordance with the terms of one or more, b. If no bid bond was posted, a bidder refused withdrawal of bid under the provisions of Article 2, Section 5.A.8, of the Fairfax, c. If, upon appeal, it is determined that the decision refusing withdrawal of the bid was not an honest exercise of discretion, but, b. If, upon appeal, it is determined that the decision of the Purchasing Agent was arbitrary or capricious and the award for the, a. Any bidder or offeror may protest the award or decision to award a contract by submitting a protest in writing to the Purchasing, emergency basis who desires to protest the award or decision to award such contract shall submit such protest in the same, b. If prior to award it is determined that the decision to award is arbitrary or capricious, then the sole relief shall be a finding to, Contractor shall be compensated for the cost of performance at the rate specified in the contract up to the time of such, c. Pending final determination of a protest or appeal, the validity of a contract awarded and accepted in good faith in accordance, d. An award need not be delayed for the period allowed a bidder or offeror to protest, but in the event of a timely protest, no, further action to award the contract will be taken unless there is a written determination that proceeding without delay is, a. Any dispute concerning a question of fact as a result of a contract with the County which is not disposed of by agreement, 70. VENUE: This contract and its terms, including but not limited to, the parties’ obligations, the performance due, and the remedies
   Lines: 35-1742

6. Technical Requirements - Related Sections
   Type: combined_related
   Related Group: technical_requirements
   Length: 4929 characters
   Sub-sections: 1. Infrastructure Technical Support, based on its manufacture specifications and not manipulated outside its developed, County IT Security standards for data security and privacy and user access from the, proposed solution which deviate from the documented standards and desired, I. By using remote access technology with personal equipment, users shall, consideration in their support capacity, b. Offeror's proposed technical approaches and a detailed outline of the proposed, 4. Statement of Qualifications: The Statement of Qualifications must include the following:, c. Key outcomes and performance metrics, experience unless otherwise stated and are expected to have appropriate and, notation must be made of similar staff augmentation assignments relevant solutions, d. Special Provisions and Specifications, b. Enter upon the performance of services with all due diligence and dispatch, assiduously press to its complete performance,, d. The technology for nonvisual access shall have the capability of providing equivalent access by nonvisual means to
   Lines: 39-1790

7. Commercial Terms - Related Sections
   Type: combined_related
   Related Group: commercial_terms
   Length: 1226 characters
   Sub-sections: is subject to appropriations by the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors to satisfy payment of, a. IT Staff Augmentation: The Offerors are required to provide rates that are fully loaded. Fully, e. Pricing Schedule, a. Cost estimates relating to a proposed procurement transaction prepared by or for a public body shall not be open to public
   Lines: 79-1605

8. Evaluation Criteria - Related Sections
   Type: combined_related
   Related Group: evaluation_criteria
   Length: 2724 characters
   Sub-sections: SPECIAL PROVISIONS, and descriptions as defined in this section and the attached Exhibit A shall be the controlling, Department of Procurement and Material Management, News releases concerning any resultant contract from this solicitation will not be made by a, i. Whether the bidder is in arrears to the County on debt or contract or is a defaulter on surety to the County or whether the, a. Unless otherwise specified in the solicitation, prompt payment discounts requiring payment in less than fifteen (15) days will, d. Allow services to be inspected or reviewed by an employee of the County at any reasonable time and place selected by the
   Lines: 231-1515

9. Legal Compliance - Related Sections
   Type: combined_related
   Related Group: legal_compliance
   Length: 2291 characters
   Sub-sections: d. Professional Liability Insurance in the amount of $1,000,000 per claim to cover each, limits of insurance or additional insurance coverage against other hazards for which insurance, e. Pay for all permits, licenses and fees and give all notices and comply with all laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, and, c. All work and services rendered in strict conformance to all laws, statues, and ordinances and the applicable government, 1. The Notice of Suspension shall state the reasons for the actions taken and such decision shall be final unless the person or, 2. The Notice of Debarment shall state the reasons for the actions taken and the decision shall be final unless the person or, monetary relief or damages from the County must submit its claim to the Board of Supervisors in compliance with Virginia Code
   Lines: 865-1735

