=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0013
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: staffing firms or vendors without demonstrable delivery experience in the IT category
Section Number: None
Section Type: vendor_qualifications
Word Count: 279
Character Count: 2061
Line Count: 26

=== FAR REFERENCES ===
FAR References Found: 0
FAR References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
staffing firms or vendors without demonstrable delivery experience in the IT category
will be disqualified. The Offeror will be responsible for demonstrating that supplied
staff fully integrate with existing County teams and projects. The County will provide
guidance on the methodology and design required for each support area in each
future work order. Offeror must demonstrate ability to integrate the augmented staff
into existing County processes and workflows. Any solutions developed or
implemented by staff augmentation support must be fully integrated into the core
County software, database and interfaces and seamlessly integrate with county
technologies. Proposals must detail the following; organizational skill sets and
expertise, proposed staffing models, ensure augmented staff can seamlessly
integrate and use existing county frameworks, methodologies, and tools. This
includes a commitment to adhering to the County's security guidelines and best
practices. The Offeror should ensure that the proposal includes, examples of
relevant case studies, past work or projects in government settings, and a clear plan
for onboarding and integrating these staff members within the County’s existing IT
organization. Proposals must demonstrate offerors ability to provide staff that can
meet one or more of the supported areas and show competencies in the core
technologies used by the county. Information about Fairfax County IT Projects,
Standards, environments and platforms can be found in the Information Technology
Plan, https://www.fairfaxcounty.gov/informationtechnology/it-plan.
5.1.2. Fairfax County IT Management Overview – The Department of Information
Technology (DIT) is the County’s central IT agency that establishes standards and
architecture for information and communication systems for all County agencies.
DIT provides leadership, process, governance, resources, and expertise in
deploying information technology, and provides technology infrastructure, and
designs, develops, implements and maintains enterprise-wide and agencies’