=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0023
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 5.5. Ownership of and Access to Data, Source Code:
Section Number: 5.5.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 297
Character Count: 1860
Line Count: 27

=== FAR REFERENCES ===
FAR References Found: 0
FAR References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
5.5. Ownership of and Access to Data, Source Code:
5.5.1. All County data is and must remain the sole property of the County. Therefore, all
tools and capabilities native to the Offeror’s solution should be available to the
County to allow for full access to that data. All tables, layouts, queries, stored
procedures, XML schema and other content developed to support the operation of
a database and/or County applications in the Fairfax environment become the
property of the County, and shall be available to the appropriate County personnel
as needed and upon request.
6
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
5.5.2. Source code shall revert to the County if the Contractor files for bankruptcy or
protection from creditors in a court of law. The County shall have full rights to use
source code for any purposes other than resale. The same applies if the Contractor
is merged or acquired and the software is no longer supported. Software source
code will be updated to reflect the most current version of the software source code
materials including all adjustments and configuration made for Fairfax County.
5.5.3. Once contract is awarded, Contractor must provide documentation about schemas
or database table organization at a level of detail that enables report writers to
navigate and extract all information necessary to produce ad hoc reports.
5.5.4. All source code developed under a given task order must remain the sole property
of the County. Contractor may request permission to re-use portions of the code
written by their staff, however, this request must be made in writing to the Fairfax
County Department of Procurement and Material Management for review and
approval.
5.5.5. The above is not meant to include proprietary programs, tools or other intellectual
property. However, such claim to proprietary content cannot intrude on the County’s