=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0153
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 7. The Contractor is in default on any surety bond or written guarantee on which Fairfax County is an obligee.
Section Number: 7.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 289
Character Count: 1696
Line Count: 15

=== FAR REFERENCES ===
FAR References Found: 0
FAR References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
7. The Contractor is in default on any surety bond or written guarantee on which Fairfax County is an obligee.
c. If, upon appeal, it is determined that the action taken by the Purchasing Agent was arbitrary or capricious, or not in accordance
with the Constitution of Virginia, statutes or regulations, the sole relief available to the person or firm shall be restoration of
eligibility. The person or firm may not institute legal action until all statutory requirements have been met.
65. APPEAL OF DENIAL OF WITHDRAWAL OF BID-
a. A decision denying withdrawal of a bid submitted by a bidder or offeror shall be final and conclusive unless the bidder appeals
the decision within ten (10) days after receipt of the decision by instituting legal action as provided in the Code of Virginia.
The bidder or offeror may not institute legal action until all statutory requirements have been met.
b. If no bid bond was posted, a bidder refused withdrawal of bid under the provisions of Article 2, Section 5.A.8, of the Fairfax
County Purchasing Resolution, prior to appealing, shall deliver to the County a certified check or cash bond in the amount of
the difference between the bid sought to be withdrawn and the next low bid. Such security shall be released only upon a
final determination that the bidder was entitled to withdraw the bid.
c. If, upon appeal, it is determined that the decision refusing withdrawal of the bid was not an honest exercise of discretion, but
rather was arbitrary or capricious or not in accordance with the Constitution of Virginia, applicable state law or regulation, or
the terms or conditions of the Invitation to Bid, the sole relief shall be withdrawal of the bid.