=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0155
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: contract is declared void, the performing Contractor shall be compensated for the cost of performance up to the time of
Section Number: None
Section Type: budget_pricing
Word Count: 346
Character Count: 2027
Line Count: 17

=== FAR REFERENCES ===
FAR References Found: 0
FAR References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
contract is declared void, the performing Contractor shall be compensated for the cost of performance up to the time of
such declaration. In no event shall the performing Contractor be entitled to lost profits.
67. PROTEST OF AWARD OR DECISION TO AWARD-
a. Any bidder or offeror may protest the award or decision to award a contract by submitting a protest in writing to the Purchasing
Agent, or an official designated by the County of Fairfax, no later than ten (10) days after the award or the announcement of
the decision to award, whichever occurs first. Any potential bidder or offeror on a contract negotiated on a sole source or
emergency basis who desires to protest the award or decision to award such contract shall submit such protest in the same
manner no later than ten days after posting or publication of the notice of such contract as provided in Article 2, Section 2, of
the Fairfax County Purchasing Resolution. However, if the protest of any actual or potential bidder or offeror depends in
whole or in part upon information contained in public records pertaining to the procurement transaction which are subject to
inspection under Article 2, Section 5.C of the Fairfax County Purchasing Resolution, then the time within which the protest
must be submitted shall expire ten days after those records are available for inspection by such bidder or offeror under Article
2, Section 5.C, or at such later time as provided herein. No protest shall lie for a claim that the selected bidder or offeror is
not a responsible bidder or offeror. The written protest shall include the basis for the protest and the relief sought. The
Purchasing Agent shall issue a decision in writing within ten (10) days of the receipt of the protest stating the reasons for the
action taken. This decision shall be final unless the bidder or offeror appeals within ten (10) days of receipt of the written
decision by instituting legal action as provided in the Code of Virginia. Nothing in this section shall be construed to permit a