=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0021
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: implementation and post implementation maintenance and support, as applicable.
Section Number: None
Section Type: insurance_warranty
Word Count: 295
Character Count: 2073
Line Count: 32

=== FAR REFERENCES ===
FAR References Found: 0
FAR References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
implementation and post implementation maintenance and support, as applicable.
This requirement is non-negotiable.
5.4.5. Contractor personnel are subject to monitoring by the County IT Security Office
(ISO), and any person of the Contractor or its subcontractors or representatives that
breach IT Security Policy and/or ethics are automatically removed from the
engagement.
5.4.6. Sensitive and Confidential Information: Sensitive or Confidential information may
not be removed from Fairfax County premises or systems unless the information’s
owner has approved such removal or exposure in advance. This includes, but is not
limited to, various active data services, (REST, WebSocket, GraphQL, etc.) portable
computer hard disks, portable memory devices (including USB drives), tape
cartridges, and paper documents containing sensitive or confidential information.
This paragraph does not apply to authorized off-site backups which are in encrypted
form.
5.4.7. Authorized Tools and Programs: Except as otherwise expressly authorized by
DIT/ISO, users shall not download, install or run security programs or utilities that
reveal weaknesses in the security of a system. For example, Fairfax County users
shall not run password cracking programs, network reconnaissance/discovery
software/applications, key loggers, packet sniffers, network mapping tools, port
scanners or any other non-approved programs while connected in any manner to
the Fairfax County network infrastructure.
5
RFP 2000004198
SPECIAL PROVISIONS
5.4.8. Remote Access: Authorized users accessing the County’s network remotely shall
abide by security policies and procedures to protect the County's equipment, data,
and network access as if they were working on premises.
A. Remote access is a service provided by the County and shall be used for
authorized business purposes only. To this end, management shall approve
every request for remote access.
B. Remote access to the Fairfax County network shall be done using the DIT
provided or supported services that are approved by the Information Security