=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0022
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: Continuation of implementation and post implementation maintenance and support, as applicable.
Section Number: None
Section Type: insurance_warranty
Word Count: 292
Character Count: 1975
Line Count: 31

=== FAR REFERENCES ===
FAR References Found: 0
FAR References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
provided or supported services that are approved by the Information Security
Office.
C. Agencies or individuals who wish to implement non-standard Remote Access
solutions to the Fairfax County production network shall obtain prior approval
from DIT and the Information Security Office.
D. Secure remote access shall be strictly controlled. Control will be enforced via
remote access authentication using security tokens that provide one-time
password authentication or public/private keys with strong pass-phrases.
Furthermore, users may not share passwords or access devices to permit
others onto the County network.
E. Remote Access control will be enforced via network and system level
auditing. This information will be readily available for monitoring and review
by appropriate personnel.
F. External access to and from information systems shall meet Fairfax County
remote access standards and guidelines.
G. Reconfiguration of a home user’s equipment for the purpose of split-tunneling
or dual homing is not permitted.
H. All hosts that are connected to Fairfax County internal networks via remote
access technologies shall use the most up-to-date anti-virus software.
I. By using remote access technology with personal equipment, users shall
understand that their machines are a de facto extension of Fairfax County’s
network, and as such are subject to the same standards that apply to County-
owned equipment; therefore, their machines shall be configured to comply
with Fairfax County policies and DIT standards for anti-virus software and
patch management.
J. The County monitors its networks and systems for security violations. Users
agree to this monitoring when they use the service.
K. The link shall be encrypted whenever a computer network connection is
established between a County computer and another computer at a location
outside an official Fairfax County office, and whenever this connection
transmits, or is likely to transmit sensitive information.