=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0125
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 36. NON-LIABILITY-The Contractor shall not be liable in damages for delay in shipment or failure to deliver when such delay or
Section Number: 36.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 319
Character Count: 2093
Line Count: 19

=== FAR REFERENCES ===
FAR References Found: 0
FAR References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
36. NON-LIABILITY-The Contractor shall not be liable in damages for delay in shipment or failure to deliver when such delay or
failure is the result of fire, flood, strike, the transportation carrier, act of God, act of Government, act of an alien enemy or by any
other circumstances which, in the Purchasing Agent's opinion, are beyond the reasonable control of the Contractor. Under such
circumstances, however, the Purchasing Agent may, at her discretion terminate the contract.
37. NON-DISCRIMINATION-During the performance of this contract, the Contractor agrees as follows:
a. The Contractor will not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, religion, color, sex,
national origin, age, disability, or other basis prohibited by state law relating to discrimination in employment, except where
there is a bona fide occupational qualification reasonably necessary to the normal operation of the Contractor. The Contractor
agrees to post in conspicuous places, available to employees and applicants for employment, notices setting forth the
provisions of this non-discrimination clause.
b. The Contractor, in all solicitations or advertisements for employees placed by or on behalf of the Contractor, will state that
such Contractor is an equal opportunity employer.
c. Notices, advertisements and solicitations placed in accordance with federal law, rule or regulation shall be deemed sufficient
for the purpose of meeting the requirements of this section.
d. The Contractor will include the provisions of the foregoing paragraphs a, b, and c above in every subcontract or purchase
order of over $10,000 so that the provisions will be binding upon each subcontractor or vendor.
e. Contractor shall, throughout the term of this contract, comply with the Human Rights Ordinance, Chapter 11 of the Code of
the County of Fairfax, Virginia, as reenacted or amended. Contractor shall further require that all of its subcontractors will
comply with the Human Rights Ordinance, Chapter 11 of the Code of the County of Fairfax, Virginia, as reenacted or amended