=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0147
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: 63. VIRGINIA FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT-All proceedings, records, contracts and other public records relating to
Section Number: 63.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 322
Character Count: 2063
Line Count: 19

=== FAR REFERENCES ===
FAR References Found: 0
FAR References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
63. VIRGINIA FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT-All proceedings, records, contracts and other public records relating to
procurement transactions shall be open to the inspection of any citizen, or any interested person, firm or corporation, in
accordance with the Virginia Freedom of Information Act except as provided below:
a. Cost estimates relating to a proposed procurement transaction prepared by or for a public body shall not be open to public
inspection.
b. Any competitive sealed bidding bidder, upon request, shall be afforded the opportunity to inspect bid records within a
reasonable time after the opening of all bids but prior to award, except in the event that the County decides not to accept any
of the bids and to reopen the contract. Otherwise, bid records shall be open to public inspection only after award of the
contract. Any competitive negotiation offeror, upon request, shall be afforded the opportunity to inspect proposal records
within a reasonable time after the evaluation and negotiations of proposals are completed but prior to award except in the
event that the County decides not to accept any of the proposals and to reopen the contract. Otherwise, proposal records
shall be open to the public inspection only after award of the contract except as provided in paragraph "c" below. Any
inspection of procurement transaction records under this section shall be subject to reasonable restrictions to ensure the
security and integrity of the records.
c. Trade secrets or proprietary information submitted by a bidder, offeror or Contractor in connection with a procurement
transaction or prequalification application submitted pursuant to the prequalification process identified in the Special
Provisions, shall not be subject to the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; however, the bidder, offeror or Contractor shall (i)
invoke the protections of this section prior to or upon submission of the data or other materials, (ii) identify the data or other
materials to be protected, and (iii) state the reasons why protection is necessary.