=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: 2-RFP 2000004198_chunk_0143
Source File: 2-RFP 2000004198.pdf
Section Title: attachments, or other documents incorporated by reference therein, includes an indemnification or obligation to
Section Number: None
Section Type: general
Word Count: 332
Character Count: 2056
Line Count: 18

=== FAR REFERENCES ===
FAR References Found: 0
FAR References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
attachments, or other documents incorporated by reference therein, includes an indemnification or obligation to
defend by the County, that promise or term is stricken from this Contract and of no effect.
59. OFFICIALS NOT TO BENEFIT-
a. Each bidder, offeror, or contractor shall certify, upon signing a bid, proposal, or contract, that to the best of their knowledge
no Fairfax County official or employee having official responsibility for the procurement transaction, or member of their
immediate family, has received or will receive any financial benefit of more than nominal or minimal value relating to the
award of this contract. For purposes of this Paragraph, “financial benefit” means any payment, loan, subscription, advance,
deposit of money, services personal use rebates or anything of more than nominal or minimal value, present or promised,
unless consideration of substantially equal or greater value is exchanged. If a financial benefit has been received or will be
received, this fact must be disclosed with the bid or proposal or as soon thereafter as it appears that a financial benefit will
be received. Failure to disclose the information prescribed above may result in suspension or debarment, or rescission of
the contract made, or could affect payment pursuant to the terms of the contract.
b. Whenever there is reason to believe that a financial benefit of the sort described in paragraph "a" has been or will be
received in connection with a bid, proposal or contract, and that the Contractor has failed to disclose such benefit or has
inadequately disclosed it, the County Executive, as a prerequisite to payment pursuant to the contract, or at any other time,
may require the Contractor to furnish, under oath, answers to any interrogatories related to such possible benefit.
c. In the event the bidder or offeror has knowledge of financial benefits as outlined above, this information should be submitted
with the bid or proposal. If the above does not apply at time of award of contract and becomes known after inception of a