=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners_chunk_0035
Source File: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners.pdf
Section Title: Continuation of 1. The Successful Offeror shall provide a written response to the
Section Number: 1.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 308
Character Count: 2009
Line Count: 30

=== FAR REFERENCES ===
FAR References Found: 0
FAR References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
provisions and circumstances above, including transfers and promotions, the
Successful Offeror shall submit a substitution request to the Contract Manager at
least fifteen (15) days prior to the intended date of change. A substitution may not
occur unless and until the Contract Manager approves the substitution in writing.
(2) Key Personnel Replacement Due to Sudden Vacancy
i The Successful Offeror shall replace Key Personnel whenever a sudden
vacancy occurs (e.g., Extraordinary Personal Event, death, resignation,
termination). A termination or resignation with thirty (30) days or more
advance notice shall be treated as a replacement under Section I.V.3.b(1).
ii The Successful Offeror shall identify a suitable replacement and provide the
same information and items required under Section I.V.2 within fifteen (15)
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I – Child Access Case Screeners – mdcourts.gov/procurement
Rev. 03/25/2025
Page 11
days of the actual vacancy occurrence or from when the Successful Offeror
first knew or should have known that the vacancy would be occurring,
whichever is earlier.
(3) Key Personnel Replacement Due to an Indeterminate Absence
i If any Key Personnel has been absent from his/her job for a period of ten
(10) days and it is not known or reasonably anticipated that the individual
will be returning to work within the next twenty (20) days to fully resume
all job duties, before the 25th day of continuous absence, the Successful
Offeror shall identify a suitable replacement and provide the same
information and items to the Contract Manager in Section I.V.2.
ii However, if this person is available to return to work and fully perform all
job duties before a replacement has been authorized by the Contract
Manager, the Contract Manager may, at their sole discretion, authorize the
original personnel to continue to work under the Contract, or authorize the
replacement personnel to replace the original personnel, notwithstanding the
original personnel’s ability to return.