=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners_chunk_0013
Source File: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners.pdf
Section Title: 10. Offeror – An entity that submits a proposal in response to this solicitation.
Section Number: 10.
Section Type: submission_requirements
Word Count: 329
Character Count: 2102
Line Count: 29

=== FAR REFERENCES ===
FAR References Found: 0
FAR References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
10. Offeror – An entity that submits a proposal in response to this solicitation.
11. Procurement Officer – The AOC representative responsible for this solicitation, for the determination
of contract scope issues, and the only AOC representative who can authorize changes to the contract.
12. Procurement Portals – Strategic sourcing software allowing the Judiciary to receive and evaluate bids
and proposal electronically.
13. RFP – Request for Proposals
14. Successful Offeror – The awarded Offeror.
15. VSBE - Veteran-owned Small Business Enterprise means any legal entity that meets the
requirements set by the United States Small Business Administration, that is organized to engage in
commercial transactions, and is at least 51 percent owned and controlled by one or more individuals
who are Veterans, and who manage the operations of the business, and is so registered and certified
in eMMA.
C. PROCUREMENT OFFICER
The sole point of contact in the AOC for purposes of this RFP is the Procurement Officer noted on the Key
Information Summary Sheet. The AOC may change the Procurement Officer at any time by written notice
to the Offeror. Only information communicated by the Procurement Officer shall be deemed the official
Solicitation No. K26-0023-25I – Child Access Case Screeners – mdcourts.gov/procurement
Rev. 03/25/2025
Page 5
position of the AOC. No other State of Maryland or AOC employee, official, or representative has the
authority to change the requirements of this solicitation. Attempts by the Offeror to contact members of the
evaluation committee, or otherwise circumvent this procedure in any manner may be grounds for
disqualification.
D. CONTRACT MANAGER
The Contract Manager for post-award activities will be disclosed to the Successful Offeror. The AOC may
change the Contract Manager at any time by written notice to the Successful Offeror.
E. DURATION OF OFFER
Proposals submitted in response to this RFP are irrevocable for 180 days following: (1) the closing date of
proposals, (2) Best and Final Offers (BAFOs), if requested, or (3) the resolution date of any protest