=== CHUNK METADATA ===
Chunk ID: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners_chunk_0034
Source File: K26-0023-25I -RFP-Child Access Case Screeners.pdf
Section Title: 1. The Successful Offeror shall provide a written response to the
Section Number: 1.
Section Type: general
Word Count: 326
Character Count: 2096
Line Count: 31

=== FAR REFERENCES ===
FAR References Found: 0
FAR References: None

=== CHUNK CONTENT ===
1. The Successful Offeror shall provide a written response to the
remediation requirements in a Remediation Plan within ten (10)
days of the date of the notice and shall immediately implement the
Remediation Plan upon written acceptance by the Contract
Manager.
2. If the Contract Manager rejects the Remediation Plan, the
Successful Offeror shall revise and resubmit the plan to the Contract
Manager within five (5) days, or in the timeframe set forth by the
Contract Manager in writing.
ii If performance issues persist despite an approved Remediation Plan, the
Contract Manager may give written notice of the continuing performance
issues and either request a new Remediation Plan within a specified time
limit or direct the substitution of Successful Offeror personnel whose
performance is at issue with a qualified substitute, including requiring the
immediate removal of the Successful Offeror personnel at issue.
(2) Replacement or substitution of Successful Offeror personnel under this section shall
be in addition to, and not in lieu of, the AOC remedies under the Contract or which
otherwise may be available at law or in equity.
(3) If the Contract Manager determines the need for direct personnel replacement, at
least fifteen (15) days advance notice shall be given to the Successful Offeror, if
possible. However, if the Contract Manager deems it necessary and in the AOC best
interests to remove the Successful Offeror personnel with less than fifteen (15) days’
notice, the Contract Manager may direct the removal in a timeframe of less than
fifteen (15) days, including immediate removal.
(4) In circumstances of directed removal, the Successful Offeror shall, provide a
suitable replacement for approval within fifteen (15) days of the notification of the
need for removal, or the actual removal, whichever occurs first, in accordance with
the provisions of this section.
b. Key Personnel replacement by Successful Offeror
(1) To replace any Key Personnel in a circumstance other than the substitution
provisions and circumstances above, including transfers and promotions, the